candidate,text,dimension,source,score,dim2
beyer,"I rise in support of my amendment with Representative AYANNA PRESSLEY. This amendment works to ensure that people with disabilities are able to access registered apprenticeships on an equal basis with their nondisabled peers. Three cogent facts: The workforce participation rate for people with disabilities is still less than one-third that of nondisabled peers; number two, among people with disabilities actively seeking work, the unemployment rate is twice that of nondisabled workers; and number three, people with disabilities are less likely to have meaningful access to participate in apprenticeship programs. This amendment ensures that individuals with disabilities will be able to access apprenticeship programs that will help them develop the skills and build a work history that will open doors to their future. This can also help employers understand the value of this workforce and learn from experience that accommodating a disabled employee is usually a simple, inexpensive process that benefits the employee, the employer, and, ultimately, all of us who benefit from having an engaged and diverse workforce. Today I rise in support of the Long Bridge Act of 2020, which I proudly colead with my colleague from Virginia, Congressman ROB WITTMAN. The existing Long Bridge is the only rail bridge connecting Virginia to Washington, D.C., and it is the main rail connection between the southeast and northeast for both passenger and freight rail. The Long Bridge is old and rusty and ugly and a treasured part of our landscape. It was authorized by Congress in 1808 and signed into law by President Thomas Jefferson. It cost $200,000 to build initially. Now, during peak hours, the twotrack bridge is at almost 98 percent capacity, which makes it a significant chokepoint along the East Coast from Washington, D.C., all the way to Florida. That is why the Long Bridge Project is so crucial. It would double the capacity of the Potomac River rail crossing by adding a second two-track bridge adjacent to the existing bridge. Mr. Speaker, I cannot stress how impactful the new Long Bridge Project will be, projecting an annual $6 billion in benefits to the region by 2040. However, the land where construction will take place on both sides of the Potomac River is controlled by the National Park Service, and it is currently prohibited by law to transfer land to the Commonwealth of Virginia and the District of Columbia for the purposes of railroad construction. That is where our bill comes in. The Long Bridge Act of 2020 is a simple fix to allow the National Park Service to transfer control of this land for the purpose of the Long Bridge rail project. So I wholeheartedly support this bill. This will enable the Commonwealth of Virginia to move forward with this vital construction. I thank my colleagues from Virginia, D.C., and Maryland on both sides of the aisle for supporting this bill. And I thank, again, my colleague, ROB WITTMAN, for his efforts on behalf of the Long Bridge Act of 2020. I rise in support of this legislation to protect jobs, support small businesses, and save lives. It is good that we agree on this funding, but Americans need more, much more. As of this morning, 26 million Americans have lost their jobs, in some States as many as one-third of their workforce. Workers need our help in a way that doesn t stop or expire. Congress will have to do more to save small businesses both in funding, in making changes, and exercising oversight to ensure that it goes to small businesses. State and local governments desperately need our help. The idea that we would tell States and localities to bear the brunt and then let them go bankrupt, and lay off medical workers, police, firefighters, and teachers is despicable, and we must reject it. Letting State and local governments flounder would dangerously weaken the response ahead of the virus  second expected wave. The American people deserve and need to be able to participate in their democracy safely, without having to risk their lives, and Congress should support State efforts to set up voting by mail. Finally, postal workers are risking their lives every day to deliver our mail. They deserve our support, and the Federal Government needs to keep their agency from going bankrupt. Only Congress can achieve these things, and we cannot delay. The need in this country is urgent, and the American people are depending on us. Two weeks ago, the World Economic Forum held its annual conference in Davos, and the central theme of the meeting this year was climate change, the most critical issue we face. President Trump spoke at the conference, but instead of focusing on climate change, he made what amounts to a campaign speech, claiming that he has worked a miracle with the U.S. economy. The fundamental basis of his argument is wildly wrong. He claimed that the economy he inherited from Barack Obama was   in dismal shape.   On the basis of this fundamental rewriting of history, he claimed credit for the strong U.S. economy. The economy is booming, he proposed, not because Barack Obama helped dig us out from the worst recession since the Great Depression or because of the hard work and ingenuity of the American worker, but because of Donald Trump s magical touch, the same magical touch he had with his Atlantic City casinos which went bankrupt, and Trump Shuttle and Trump University and Trump Mortgage and Trump Steaks and the Trump board game and Trump Vodka. That is quite a record. I am a businessman. With my brother, my sister, my dad, we spent 46 years now building a highly successful company. And I know it is not easy, but I also know that when a businessman has a string of spectacular failures, you wouldn t hire him to be CEO of your company, let alone President of the United States. But here we are. Serendipitously, with much luck, I became vice chair of the Joint Economic Committee recently, and I couldn t be more thrilled by the confidence of my Democratic leadership and the opportunity to serve. The Joint Economic Committee studies and advises Members of Congress about the economy. We are like the economic think tank for the economy to delve into the issues and, when necessary, to set the record straight. So, when the President stands up at Davos and claims that he is an economic miracle worker, supposedly saving the economy from what he claims is the disaster he inherited, the Joint Economic Committee has to step up to the plate. I was more than pleased when Majority Leader HOYER asked me to help lead this hour of discussion. So, today, we will talk about the supposedly dismal economy. Was it a wreck, as the President imagines it? Far from it. Has he worked miracles with the economy? No way. The data shows that this is not true. Did his tax cuts supercharge the economic growth? Very weak evidence. And did his tax cuts pay for themselves? Again, no way. Has the President s trade war helped American businesses and consumers? We will argue it has done much more harm than good. And The Washington Post Fact Checker found that, during his Presidency, Donald Trump has made more than 1,500 lies or misleading statements about the economy, and he brazenly repeats them even when corrected. I suspect, next week, in this very Chamber, when he gives the State of the Union Address, we will hear many of those same misleading claims again. Madam Speaker, when you hear him make a claim about almost anything, you can pretty much know, more often than not, that it is not true. So, in his Davos speech at the World Economic Forum, when he said that the economy he inherited from Barack Obama was dismal, he also said:   We have the greatest economy we ve ever had in the history of our country.   This claim and many others did not make it by the fact checkers at the Associated Press. This isn t unusual. He is often caught red-handed, in flagrante delicto, making easily debunked claims on a wide range of topics. And since the beginning of his administration, his record of falsehoods is astonishing. The Washington Post Fact Checker says Trump has made over 16,000 false or misleading claims in his first 3 years of office. When you hear this President say almost anything about the economy, it is likely to be more wrong than right. For example, he did not create a strong economy; he inherited it. This is made absolutely clear in a rigorous, carefully sourced new report by the Democratic staff on the Joint Economic Committee. This is what the report shows: that the economy Donald Trump inherited from Barack Obama was strong and getting stronger. Madam Speaker, you can see this on the chart right here. Unemployment was below 5 percent, GDP growth was 2 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016, and 227,000 jobs were being created every month. President Obama led the economy a very long way back from the economic records that he inherited from his predecessor. Here is how bad it was. At the worst of the Great Recession, unemployment had reached 10 percent, but by the time President Obama left office, unemployment had already been cut more than in half, down to 4.7 percent. When he took office, the economy was hemorrhaging 700,000 jobs per month. By the time he left, the economy had already added jobs for 76 straight months, the longest in American history. Inflation was low. Wages and incomes were rising. It was a remarkable turnaround. It was not, as the President said at Davos, dismal.  The President called the current economy a miracle due to his golden touch, but, no, he inherited this from the previous economy. So let s thank the President, but not this President. Let s thank my old boss, President Obama. The President often cherry-picks a strong month of job growth and implies that it is representative, but let s look at things in the long term, which is how economists actually measure these things. In the first 35 months of the Trump administration, his economy added 191,000 jobs per month. In the last 35 months of Barack Obama, his economy added 227,000 jobs per month. That is a 36,000 job-per-month difference over a comparable 35 months each. Donald Trump wants you to forget that, but let s not let him get away with it. The job market is strong. Unemployment is 3.5 percent. But, again, he didn t create low unemployment; he inherited it, and you can see that in the long-term trends. It was at 4.7 percent; now it is down to 3.5. But his signature policy impact, the $1.9 trillion in tax cuts, didn t go into effect until 2018. So unemployment had already dropped to 4.1 that is the Obama effect, the 4.1. So the last sixtenths of a percent cost us $1.9 trillion, and it might be much higher than that. Madam Speaker, was the cost worth it? Is the President an economic genius? You be the judge. Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman BEYER, and I appreciate his leadership on the Joint Economic Committee. I am now pleased to yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL), one of the senior Members of the House of Representatives, the dean of the Massachusetts delegation and the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, who, as I said earlier, is as knowledgeable about tax policy and its consequences as anybody in this House. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, this is an opportunity to call attention to some of the suggestions that have been made by this President and this White House as to the economic growth that he claims credit for. On the day that Barack Obama became President, America was losing 800,000 jobs a month. When Barack Obama left the White House, there were 14.3 million new jobs that had been created. That is a real turnabout. This notion that there was this dismal economy that President Trump inherited is simply not true. So let s even go back to the end of the Clinton years, which, despite what President Trump says, the greatest economic growth spurt in American history took place during Bill Clinton s Presidency plus four balanced budgets. So, when Bill Clinton said goodbye to the country, we were staring at a $15 trillion projected surplus over the next 10 years. Let s do the math. A $1.3 trillion tax cut in 2001, a $1 trillion tax cut in 2003, and, borrowing, $2.3 trillion tax cuts in 2017. So let s take a look at this with some precision for a moment. That means, when you add the borrowing cost, meaning principal and interest, to what actually was embraced by two Republican Presidents, that means we have cut taxes, over about a 15-year period, by $5 trillion, added a trillion dollars to the debt this year, and now a national debt of $20 trillion, all based upon the theological notion that is what it is, theology that tax cuts pay for themselves. You cannot find a mainstream economist in America who will say that tax cuts pay for themselves. When we look back at what was done with the tax bill in December of 2017, it goes like this: A major piece of legislation was written in 51 days, without one hearing, without one professional witness, without one economic forecast, but again, this fundamental belief that, as the President said in a meeting at the White House with some of us, he didn t see why we couldn t have   6 percent growth.   He completely suggested that Obama s economic growth spurt would be far surpassed by his, yet that has not happened. We have had, during the Clinton years, 2.3 to 5 percent quarters of economic growth, averaging, in the end, the highest of any President in the last century really remarkable. And then this suggestion, even though mainstream economists kept saying, no, the economy, even with the sugar high of the tax cut, will settle back down to less than 2 percent, so we are at 1.8 percent with $20 trillion worth of debt. b 1715 The Obama years, even climbing out of the recession, averaged north of 2.3 to 2.4 percent of economic growth, given the worst recession, as the majority leader said, since the Great Depression. The argument was that we were going to have this unparalleled economic growth because of the Republican tax bill. That has not happened. The issues have settled back, and it has flat-lined, but here are a couple of things that I want to mention here that I think really bear noting. Productivity, which is probably the most important part of raising qualityof-life measures for the American people, a growth spurt of productivity, that has really not happened. Here is another key element of economic discernment: worker participation rates. If you really want to know what is happening, that is what you focus on. The postwar norm is about 66 percent, meaning two-thirds of the American people got up and went to work every day. Where are we now? At about 63.8 percent. The tax cut did not issue one response to one of the most fundamental challenges facing the American people, the American family, and the American economy. Madam Speaker, 2 million people have left the workforce because of opioid addiction. Two million people have left the workforce because of addiction. We wondered why Social Security disability climbed during those years. It was because of opioid addiction. Back to that issue about labor participation rates and productivity, there has been no change. Poverty rates remain stubborn. Here is something we should all be concerned about: There are still 40 million Americans who receive food stamps. If you give those people a choice between good jobs and food stamps, they will always take the good jobs, always take the good jobs. The number of people who are working in this gig economy with uncertain hours, no benefits, two jobs, three jobs, where they would all like to have one that gave them some decent benefits and a good retirement, those are the challenges we face. Think about this number again, numbers are stubborn 40 percent of the American workforce every day gets up, goes to work, and is not in a qualified retirement plan. Their retirement is going to be Social Security. All of these numbers that we have depicted here portray a very different story about the President s suggestions when compared to the reality of where we find ourselves. The uncertainty every day, largely based upon some of the bombast, the unpredictability of where we head, all are part of the challenge that we face. But this idea that this economic growth period has all been because of President Trump, it is simply not true. He inherited a very good economy from Barack Obama support the CASH Act, which will send $2,000 checks to the American people. I want to thank Chairman NEAL for coming together very quickly to create this act in a thoughtful way. The American people are hurting this holiday season, and they need our help. Our bill would increase those payments to $2,000, which would also include adult dependents and students. We realize that $600 is not enough for people facing eviction and hunger. For many, this will just pay a past-due rental bill for July. It is good and important that we are sending support to small businesses, strong unemployment aid, nutrition and rental assistance, but this relief is coming 7 months later than it should have. It is vital that Congress not penny-pinch the American people now. This CASH bill is bipartisan, and if Senator MITCH MCCONNELL would put it on the Senate floor, it would be bicameral. Let me push back, too, that this is too much. We have 40 million Americans who work full-time and made less than $18,000 last year. With the minimum wage at $7.25, there isn t a single twobedroom apartment you can rent in a county in America for that money. There are tens of millions without healthcare. My family sells new cars and used cars. I have watched the debt burden of so many people just rise and rise and rise over the years. Is there a better way? You know, my Republican friends hate it when socalled Big Government decides what we need. The best way to let people manage their family is to put the money in their hands, give them that American freedom. Somehow, we can print money to do a $4 trillion tax cut over 20 years, but we can t print enough money to help the American people it is with great pleasure that I recognize the 100th anniversary of the Parker-Gray High School in the City of Alexandria, Virginia. Parker-Gray High School opened in September of 1920 and provided countless African American students with a comprehensive education during a time of segregation. Though faced with adversity lack of resources, teachers, and facilities Parker-Gray was able to provide students with what is now understood as a fundamental right. The alumnae of Parker-Gray took their education and were able to apply it to not only the City of Alexandria, but to all aspects of their lives. Please join me in honoring the 100th anniversary of Parker-Gray High School. It is important that we continue its mission and ensure the Parker-Gray legacy lives on. Mr. BEYER. Madam Speaker, today, I rise to urge my colleagues to support the bipartisan bill, H.R. 4585, the Campaign to Prevent Suicide Act, that I introduced with my friend, GREG GIANFORTE. September is Suicide Prevention Awareness Month, and for that very reason, this bill couldn t be more important. Suicide is the 10th leading cause of death in the United States and the second leading cause of death for 15- to 34-year-olds. Overall suicide rates increased 35 percent from 1999 through 2018. Suicide can be prevented, but unfortunately, it is still a taboo topic for much of American society. The stigma against discussing suicide and seeking help is a significant barrier to prevention. It is one of those things where if suicide happened in a family, then no one would ever talk about it. It is important to tackle this headon. I can t tell you how many times I bring this up at an event it is something that I have been working on with good friends like GREG and there is this discomfort. People look away; they shuffle their feet; and some people slip out of the back of the room. Yet, every time at the end of the event people will come up and say: Thank you so much for talking about that. I lost my aunt. I lost my brother. Nobody talks about it. A change in social norms from a culture of avoidance to a culture of engagement is needed in order to ensure that those who need help can actually seek it. The United States Air Force has developed a similar initiative tailored to the Air Force in order to change the culture surrounding suicide, and researchers found that it is associated with a 33 percent drop in the relative risk reduction in suicide. This reflects the importance of engaging, but the second piece is knowing how to do it. The Federal Communications Commission has the new 988 number we all talked about, but of course, we have to tell people about it, which is why it is so time sensitive. The Campaign to Prevent Suicide would, number one, act to change the culture around suicide so Americans know to intervene rather than to ignore. Again, when I was growing up, you were not supposed to say,   Debbie, are you feeling suicidal?   because you might give her the idea to do it. Now, we say,   Debbie, do you feel like hurting yourself?   or,   Do you want to kill yourself?   I was so thrilled when I went to the emergency room last year. I got something in my eye. I just had something in my eye, and the first thing they said is: Do you feel like killing yourself? I thanked the nurse, and I thanked the doctor for making sure that I was okay. Of course, it will be an awareness campaign for the new 988 number, but also it will educate media and social media because the world has changed. Today, often it will be a Facebook post or a tweet or an Instagram that might be the first hint that somebody is thinking about killing themselves. We are dealing with a suicide epidemic made worse during the pandemic because the very stress of the pandemic exacerbated it for all of us. With 200,000 dead who are in the news all the time, we have a death anxiety that mostly only people in battle have. So, this is really, really important. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this good bipartisan bill to save lives and to save the enormous burden of grief that families feel I rise today in memory of Benjamin Thomas, a young African American man who was lynched by an angry white mob just down the road from this Capitol in Alexandria, Virginia one hundred and twenty-one years ago. He was accused of assaulting a young white girl but was never given the chance to defend himself. During the evening of August 8, 1899, Thomas was pulled out of a city jail by a large crowd. He was bound with a rope and dragged six blocks to a lamppost on the corner of King and Fairfax Street. He was then stripped of his clothes and hanged. Before dispersing, the mob proceeded to shoot his body several times. No one was ever charged for this heinous crime. The lynching of Benjamin Thomas is only one of 86 documented lynchings committed in Virginia between 1880 and 1930. These acts of premeditated violence were deliberate attempts by whites to terrorize and control black populations across the state. While the local black community of Alexandria was outraged in the wake of Thomas  death, fear of additional white violence prevented any further action. This was often the case, as members of these mobs rarely faced any consequences for their actions, or worse were implicitly or explicitly supported by members of law enforcement. It is incumbent on all of us, particularly those born into privilege, to remember this shameful episode of our history and others like it. In doing so, we are better able to see the continuous chain of racially motivated violence against black Americans that spans our nation s history. We can truly honor the memory of Benjamin Thomas along with the countless number of named and unnamed victims of racial violence by seeking justice for all Americans and working to build a more inclusive society. I rise in support of JUDY CHU s NO BAN Act. In the words of John Lewis:   When you see something that is not right, not fair, not just, you have to speak up; you have to do something.   The NO BAN Act is doing something. It is stating in clear, powerful legislation that America will never again let racism or religious intolerance be a barrier to lawful immigration. We will not allow ignorance or xenophobia to dictate America s immigration policies. Our strength has always always  been our diversity. A functional Muslim ban or a ban of entire countries simply because they comprise a race or a religion that some President does not like is not just evil, it is stupid. Watch which American communities recover most quickly from the pandemic those with the most diverse populations. Madam Speaker, I stand here today, as I stood at the airport at the onset of the ban, to ensure our immigration system cannot be hijacked by hatred. This is a bill that the Mental Health Caucus co-chairs, Mr. KATKO and Mrs. NAPOLITANO, and I have been working on for several years. Two years ago, I spent a long afternoon at the local suicide lifeline in northern Virginia. It was fascinating; it was important; and I learned a great deal. Number one, I learned that an awful lot of young people want to do texts rather than phone calls, and they didn t have that capability. I learned that they were in desperate need of more staff. I learned that they needed more volunteers, and when I said that I would like to be a volunteer, I learned that it took four long weekends, then you had to commit to 40 hours of training, and then you had to commit to at least one 4- or 5-hour shift per week for the next year. I also found that it had a remarkable success rate. They said they had talked to something like 3,000 people the previous year. I asked:   How many had been lost?   Two out of 3,000. But I also found out that they have wait times sometimes up to 60 minutes just to get on a call. A crisis can t afford to wait 60 minutes, and that is why we developed this legislation to give the lifeline the resources it needs and the quick answering times it has to have to be successful. We also built in oversight capability so it can be more effectively reviewed and improved. It has to constantly evolve. The work is certainly even more important now that we know about the new 988 designation by the FCC. We have heard a lot about that this afternoon because we know there is going to be a lot higher demand. One of the things I have done the last couple of years at every event is I say: Okay, everybody here raise their hand who knows the suicide lifeline number. No one raises their hand ever. But that will be different. In fact, I am very confident that, within a few years, the 988 will go international, and it will be the standard all over the world. It is especially important now during the pandemic. I just looked it up while we were waiting that a survey this July 2 months ago found that 36 percent of young people 18 to 29 years old are experiencing clinical depression. Madam Speaker, 48,000 Americans died by their own hand in 2018. We can t save every life, but the Suicide Prevention Lifeline is remarkably successful in helping people through that singular moment of despair in their lives. Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues again. It has been bipartisan, and it has been very important. Good friends like Mr. GIANFORTE, Mr. KATKO, FRANK PALLONE, and ANNA ESHOO helped us through, and my dear friend DEBBIE DINGELL led here today. I thank them for prioritizing these mental health supports when we need it most it has been 97 years since the equal rights amendment was introduced in the 68th Congress and 48 years since the ERA passed the House and Senate. In those 48 years, I have had three daughters and one granddaughter. Those four young women are brilliant, precocious, and accomplished, with strong character, great morality, and true nobility. These women are every bit the equal of any man I have ever met, yet our Constitution does not recognize their equality nor prohibit discrimination against them. I am very proud that the Commonwealth of Virginia was the 38th State to ratify the ERA. We must permanently remove the deadline for State ratification and provide an essential legal remedy against gender discrimination. Does this sound like a political stunt:   Women shall have equal rights in the United States and every place subject to its jurisdiction. Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex.   No. These words belong in the United States Constitution. There is nothing partisan about recognizing men and women have equal rights under the law.",dim1,CR,-0.385,-0.095
luria,"as a Navy veteran, I believe in focusing our limited resources toward efforts that will make our forces more effective, reliable, and efficient. I oppose this amendment that would decrease the National Nuclear Security Administration s budget by $20 million and allocate the money to a program to develop low-enriched uranium fuel for submarines and aircraft carriers. Drawing on my 20-year Navy experience in the supervision and operation of naval nuclear propulsion systems, it makes little sense to divert these resources. Our highly enriched uranium reactor design has successfully powered our submarine fleet, delivering a critical leg of our nuclear deterrent and our aircraft carriers, providing our unique sustained forward presence capability for nearly seven decades. There is no need for this amendment. Top Navy leadership and the Secretary of Energy clearly state that a low-enriched uranium design for naval nuclear propulsion   would result in a reactor design that is inherently less capable, more expensive, and unlikely to support current life-of-ship submarine reactors.   Meanwhile, Admiral James Caldwell, Director of the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program, says that investing in LEU would negatively impact reactor endurance, reactor size, and ship costs, and its success is   not assured.   I have no doubt that we could eventually develop a reactor design using LEU, but would it continue to meet our operational and strategic defense needs? No. It would make our platforms inherently less capable, less operationally available, and more expensive to operate. In turn, it would require more of these assets to accomplish the same objectives. If the genesis behind this amendment is to advance issues of nonproliferation, it makes little sense to draw down the budget of the very agency that is tasked with the security of nuclear weapons and nuclear fuel. I will conclude as I began. We need to commit our limited resources where they are most efficiently used to support our operational forces and our national defense. These dollars are best spent on the National Nuclear Security Administration. The text of the amendment is as follows: At the end of section 101(b), add the following: (3) FEHBP. Section 8902 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:   (p) A contract may not be made or a plan approved under this chapter with any carrier that has affirmatively elected, pursuant to section 1197 of the Social Security Act, not to participate in the Fair Price Negotiation Program established under section 1191 of such Act for any selected drug (as that term is defined in section 1192(c) of such Act).  . The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 758, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. LURIA) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Virginia. Mrs. LURIA. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 3, the Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act of 2019. My amendment would ensure that Federal employees benefit from the same contracting practices as stated in the fair price negotiation program established by the underlying bill. Close to 30,000 of our constituents in Virginia s Second Congressional District are Federal employees, and they should all be able to benefit from this monumental legislation to lower prescription drug costs. Making healthcare more affordable is among my top priorities in Congress. As the costs of prescription drugs seem to skyrocket, I know I must do everything I can to ease that burden on coastal Virginians. Nobody should need to choose between lifesaving medications or bankruptcy. A vote in favor of this amendment is one to support broader access to affordable prescription drugs. I urge all of my colleagues to support my amendment and the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. I am happy to announce House passage of a commonsense amendment to prohibit Federal spending for offshore drilling throughout the entire Atlantic Ocean. Protecting our coastal Virginia district from the threat of offshore drilling is among my top priorities. One of my first actions in Congress was cosponsoring the Defend Our Coast Act. This bipartisan bill would forbid any drilling, exploration, development, or production of fossil fuels off the Continental Shelf in the mid-Atlantic region. As a 20-year Navy veteran who trained off the Virginia coast, I know that having to dodge oil platforms would impact military readiness and undermine our national security. I also know what offshore drilling could do to Virginia s beautiful shorelines and thriving economy. This is why I proudly cosponsored and continue to support Congressman FRANK PALLONE s amendment to protect and preserve the Atlantic Coast from offshore drilling. y I am happy to announce House passage of a commonsense amendment to prohibit Federal spending for offshore drilling throughout the entire Atlantic Ocean. Protecting our coastal Virginia district from the threat of offshore drilling is among my top priorities. One of my first actions in Congress was cosponsoring the Defend Our Coast Act. This bipartisan bill would forbid any drilling, exploration, development, or production of fossil fuels off the Continental Shelf in the mid-Atlantic region. As a 20-year Navy veteran who trained off the Virginia coast, I know that having to dodge oil platforms would impact military readiness and undermine our national security. I also know what offshore drilling could do to Virginia s beautiful shorelines and thriving economy. This is why I proudly cosponsored and continue to support Congressman FRANK PALLONE s amendment to protect and preserve the Atlantic Coast from offshore drilling. we are all in Congress because we see room for improvement in America, especially for our servicemembers, veterans, and our military families. As a 20-year Navy veteran myself, I know it is not just the brave men and women who fight for America, but also the families who support them every step of the way. When Gold Star widows from Virginia Beach contacted me about how their tax bills jumped thousands of dollars as a result of the 2000 tax law, I knew I had to do something. That is why I took action to introduce the bipartisan Gold Star Family Tax Relief Act, which fixes the unintended tax hike that many Gold Star families experienced. A number of families across our coastal Virginia district have shared their stories about how this tax law changed their lives. One woman, the widow of a Navy SEAL killed in Afghanistan, saw the taxes on her son s benefits rise by $4,000 in 2018, another by $6,000, and another by $2,500. What this tax bill did to Gold Star families was wrong, but I have been heartened to see so many of my colleagues join me in a bipartisan effort to right these wrongs. As of today, we have 155 cosponsors and received endorsements of 20 veterans service organizations. support of my bipartisan bill, H.R. 1200, the Veterans  Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2019. In Congress, I have vowed to keep our Nation s veterans at the top of my mind, and I plan to deliver on that promise through this critical piece of legislation. I represent a coastal Virginia district with eight major military installations, including Naval Station Norfolk, the largest naval station in the United States, so veterans are clearly a critical part of my constituency, just as they are honored members of every congressional district across America. Our veterans put their lives on the line and are deployed far from home to keep America safe. As a 20-year Navy veteran myself, I am proud to bring a bill to the floor that would eliminate the erosions of benefits they earned in service to our country. The Veterans  Compensation Cost-ofLiving Adjustment Act would recognize that the benefits we provide our veterans need to be modernized and increased the same way that Social Security has raised benefits to meet cost-ofliving increases. b 1645 My bill enhances benefits for wartime disability compensation, compensation for dependents, clothing allowance, dependency and indemnity compensation to surviving spouses, and dependency and indemnity compensation to children. We have seen costs for disability care, clothing, and childcare increase over the years, and it is vital that we continue to provide benefits that actually meet the demands that our veterans see on the ground. A cost-of-living increase would aid veterans, their families, and their survivors to help maintain the value of their benefits against inflation. Without consistent increases, veterans and their families may not be able to have a consistent quality of life into their later years. Providing quality benefits to our veterans and their dependents can change lives, and Congress must honor the commitment to those American heroes who served in harm s way so that we can live in peace at home. I thank my colleagues on the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee and my ranking member, MIKE BOST, for being a cosponsor of this legislation, and I urge swift House passage so that we can do our part to push this into law and help our Nation s veterans.  support of my bipartisan and bicameral bill, H.R. 4566, the Virginia Beach Strong Act. Just over 6 months ago, our Virginia Beach community suffered a devastating tragedy. On May 31, 12 wonderful people lost their lives in a mass shooting in the Virginia Beach Municipal Center. During our great city s darkest hour, we showed the world the strength and resolve that makes us Virginia Beach Strong. We saw first responders heroically running into building 2, sacrificing their safety to save others; doctors working long hours to provide victims with expert care; and many other displays of courage. May 31, 2019, was a day that will change Virginia Beach forever. We will always remember the 12 individuals we lost that day and their irreplaceable contributions to our Virginia Beach Strong community. My heart continues to grieve for those who lost their lives, their families, and everyone who loved them. Today, many families of the victims are still facing financial hardships related to the shooting, in addition to the unfathomable loss of a loved one. In the aftermath of May 31, the city of Virginia Beach established a fund to help victims, survivors, and their families. Unfortunately, a technicality in the Tax Code means that these donations will likely not be considered tax deductible. That is why I introduced the Virginia Beach Strong Act. The Virginia Beach Strong Act would make it easier to help bring urgently needed support to our community s grieving families. This bipartisan bill would ensure that all donations made to immediate family members of the victims on or after May 31 will be considered tax deductible. It is narrowly written so it does not make any broader changes to our Tax Code or to the nonprofit status. Today, we all have the opportunity to make a profound difference for the families that have been through unimaginable pain followi I rise today in support of this commonsense and bipartisan bill to make VA websites accessible and understandable for all veterans. Our servicemembers put themselves in harm s way to protect American freedom. It is only right that Congress uphold our end of the promise by giving them the care that they earned. One of my top priorities in Congress is eliminating barriers preventing our bravest men and women from receiving quality medical care, as well as disability, vocational, and educational benefits. I met with a group of blinded veterans, and they explained that the structure of the VA websites makes it difficult for them to learn about treatments and schedule their doctor appointments. I knew I had to act. To remedy this problem, I introduced the VA Website Accessibility Act, which will require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study of the accessibility of VA websites for veterans with disabilities. Upon completion of the study, the Secretary will be required to report to Congress on the study s results and provide a plan to improve these websites. This bill will ensure that the ailments and trauma our servicemembers endured during battle will not prevent them from using the resources that VA websites have to offer. Veterans affected by blindness or hearing loss have sacrificed for our Nation. They deserve equal access to all VA services, and I am honored to champion their cause. Our heroes should not have to wait one day longer. Today, we can help thousands of veterans receive better access to healthcare resources. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the VA Website Accessibility Act, H.R. 1199. support of H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act. As a Navy veteran myself, this issue hits close to home, specifically in coastal Virginia, the district that I have the honor of representing. At my first townhall after taking office, the wife of a Virginia Beach Vietnam veteran posed a deeply personal question. She said to me: Where is the blue water Navy sailor bill? I have a dying vet at home from Agent Orange who wants his country to respond to his service during Vietnam. After the townhall, I talked with her more in depth on the issue, and with tears in her eyes, she asked me again for help and to make sure Congress did not forget her husband s service and what he sacrificed for our country. I stand today to speak on behalf of the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act so that my constituent and so many others across the Nation will know that we have not forsaken their service. I am thankful to the House of Representatives for stepping up to the plate and fulfilling our responsibility to our veterans and their service to America. I am proud to support their cause today. This bipartisan bill on the floor would finally correct an injustice for veterans who are suffering and dying from conditions related to Agent Orange exposure and who have been unfairly denied VA disability and health benefits for more than four decades. For those who may not know, blue water Navy Vietnam veterans are servicemembers who served at sea off the shore of Vietnam during the Vietnam war. A Federal Court, in January, ruled that the VA was wrong in denying disability and health benefits to blue water Navy Vietnam veterans who were exposed to the toxin Agent Orange; however, the administration has not yet committed to implementing this decision. As a result, the blue water Navy veterans are still in limbo, and Congress must act to secure their benefits. Mr. Speaker, I urge quick House passage of our bipartisan legislation so our Senate colleagues can do the same and get this to the White House and pass it into law. I am a Jewish American woman who served for 20 years in uniform and continue to serve in the United States Congress. At the age of 17, when I entered the United States Naval Academy, I first took the oath to support and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic. I subsequently repeated that oath six times at every promotion in rank and, most recently, when I had the honor to become a Member of Congress. Is that not enough to prove my loyalty to our Nation? I deployed six times, serving in six ships in the Middle East and Western Pacific, working under challenging conditions while operating complex weapons systems, overseeing nuclear reactors, driving ships, and, ultimately, commanding a combat-ready unit of 400 sailors. Is that not enough to prove my loyalty to our Nation? In the first 3 years my husband and I were married, we spent almost 2 years apart so that we could both serve at sea and deploy three times. Is that not enough to prove my loyalty to our Nation? am I to look back on my military career and the sacrifices it meant for my family and remain silent in the face of people questioning my loyalty to my country? I believe that I speak clearly for all fellow Jewish veterans that this echoes of language that has been used to marginalize and persecute the Jewish people for centuries. The recent accusations of dual loyalty call into question the equal footing of Jewish Members in elected office and, by extension, all Jews living in America. I rise today to remember and honor the 12 wonderful people whose lives ended far too soon in Friday s mass shooting in Virginia Beach. Our city, our Commonwealth, and our Nation grieve. Now is the time for healing, coming together, and determining ways to prevent this kind of tragedy from ever happening again. Mr. Speaker, I ask my House colleagues to please join me in a moment of silence for those who lost their lives. f EID AL-FITR (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the Islamic holy month of Ramadan and the holiday of Eid al-Fitr. For the past month, Muslims in the United States and around the world have heightened their spiritual awareness through self-restraint, reflection, and fasting. Sundown today marks the end of Eid al-Fitr, or the festival of breaking the fast. Eid is a major holiday filled with celebration and festivities for Muslims. I am honored to represent a religiously diverse district. New Jersey s 10th Congressional District is a remarkable and vibrant community filled with people of all faiths. Across the country, we have seen the rising tide of discrimination and hate aimed at religious minorities. Just last month, during the middle of Ramadan, an arsonist burned down a mosque in Connecticut. But hate will not break the American spirit. We are made stronger as a people because we are free to live and worship openly. So on this holy day of Eid, let us come together as a Nation and celebrate our diversity. Eid Mubarak. coastal resiliency projects, such as the Living Shoreline Program, can strengthen our military and the local communities that support them. My amendment will improve H.R. 729 by ensuring that NOAA considers the national security benefits of these projects. Let me be clear: A vote against this amendment is a vote to turn our backs on our servicemembers and military families, as well as disregard the future of military readiness in our coastal communities. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this critical amendment in the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. I rise today in support of our Constitution, in support of the military members in harm s way who defend our Constitution, in support of Gold Star families who keep faith that their loved one s sacrifice was justified. I rise today in support of the oath I first took at 17 upon entering the Naval Academy and took five more times in my 20-year Navy career; an oath that comforted me in the years I spent away from my family, deployed around the globe; an oath that encouraged me to remain vigilant on the bridge of the ship at night; an oath that strengthened me when in command, as I sent my fellow sailors into harm s way; and today, an oath that gives me resolve to do what is right and not what is politically expedient, resolve to stand with the President at the White House last week, and resolve to stand up to the President in this House today. I ask my colleagues to have the same strength and the same resolve. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I yield 35 seconds to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER). Mr. WALKER. Madam Speaker, when emotions supersede the facts, the conclusion is cataclysmic. Today, we are wrapping up not a 3-month process but, rather, a 3-year process with Democrats  disdain so much that it has led to the abuse of this very House. These are the same Democrats who promised America they saw evidence of Russian collusion. Do the American people trust them? Hell, no, they don t. A growing number of American people have condemned this impeachment process, and that is with House Democrats setting the rules and then even bending and breaking the rules to fit their narrative. The majority of Americans see this circus for what it is. I wonder how many more will join them I rise today grieving for Virginia Beach, a great city in our district, where the year s most devastating mass shooting happened last Friday. That morning, 12 innocent people left their homes for work, but they didn t return home to their families, and they never will. Eleven of them were devoted public servants with more than 150 years of combined experience, and one was a dedicated contractor. I am honored to remember them today. Laquita C. Brown, a right-of-way agent who lived in Chesapeake, was an avid traveler who chronicled her trips to New York City, Europe, and West Africa. A friend of hers called her   Ms. Worldwide.   Her 40th birthday was coming up in November. Ryan Keith Cox, an account clerk who lived in Virginia Beach, had a golden voice and sang in his church choir. He had recently accepted his own calling to the ministry to follow in the footsteps of his father, a friend, Pastor E. Ray Cox, and the pastor of New Hope Baptist Church. During the shooting, Keith guided colleagues to safety, but did not join them so he could look out for others. Tara Welch Gallagher, an engineer who lived in Virginia Beach, educated the public about clean water and served her city for 6 years. Tara s survivors include her husband and her 22- month-old son. Her husband told a reporter:   She was everything to me.   Mary Louise Gayle was a right-ofway agent who lived in Virginia Beach. A proud grandmother, she had just turned 65, and her children planned to take their mom to Portland later this month to celebrate her birthday. Alexander Mikhail Gusev, a right-ofway agent who lived in Virginia Beach, moved from Belarus to seek a better life in America. He was a generous and thoughtful person, who was said to grab his lawnmower and cut his neighbor s lawn without even being asked. Joshua O. Hardy was an engineering technician who lived in Virginia Beach. He was a loving uncle, a healthy eater and runner, he smiled on the job, and found time to write a beloved children s book that spoke to youth about strangers in their midst. Michelle   Missy   Langer, an administrative assistant who lived in Virginia Beach, loved the Pittsburgh Steelers, Paul McCartney, and the ocean. A friend said,   I will miss her smile and her hugs. That is the hardest thing.   Richard H. Nettleton, an engineer who lived in Norfolk, helped design, install, and maintain Virginia Beach s water and sewer systems. An Army veteran, he enjoyed mentoring young engineers. Katherine A. Nixon, an engineer who lived in Virginia Beach, was a devoted wife and mother to three daughters, one of whom is just 15 months old. According to her neighbor, her final call was to her husband just moments after she was shot. Christopher Kelly Rapp, an engineer who lived in Powhatan, played the bagpipes and loved Scottish music. Compared by some to Mr. Rogers, he was known as encouraging and enthusiastic. Herbert   Bert   Snelling, a contractor who lived in Virginia Beach and was visiting the Municipal Center for a permit; he led his church s security team, and in his work, he did everything from small handyman repairs to building homes. Robert   Bobby   Williams, a special projects coordinator who lived in Chesapeake, worked for Virginia Beach for 41 years. He helped build the seawall in our city and planned on retiring this year to spend more time with his family. The losses here will never be replaced, but so many heroes emerged to prevent further horror. Over the weekend, I saw heroic first responders police, fire, and EMS personnel who ran into the line of fire to save others before comforting our community in the immediate aftermath of this tragedy. As the hours and days go by, we hear tens, if not hundreds, of stories of the heroism of individuals who helped save lives during this tragic event, including the officer among the first responders who, in the performance of his duties, took a bullet to protect our community, and was, by the grace of God, saved by his protective vest. I saw believable bravery in Sentara Hospital where Sunday, I had the honor of visiting a survivor of the shooting. She clasped my hand as I stood at her bedside, and her strength and resolve were palpable as she had only narrowly come away alive. I saw love and hope at heartfelt vigils across our community where people of all faiths joined in prayer to remember those who left us all too soon. I saw strength among our city leaders and police chief as they addressed our grieving community, determined to remember the 12 we lost far too soon.",dim1,CR,-0.206,0.426
rscott,"this legislation funds critical nutrition assistance programs that serve children and families. Nutrition programs are among the most important and cost-effective investments in the Federal budget. Study after study demonstrates that freedom from hunger is the foundation that children and families need to lift themselves out of poverty. Beyond the tragedy of any child going to school on an empty stomach, we cannot expect hungry children to reach their full potential at school or to grow up into healthy adults unless they have proper nutrition. This reckless shutdown has left our constituents with uncertainty and anxiety about their access to programs they rely on, such as WIC, SNAP, or school meals. Now, while these programs are still available and USDA is temporarily paying benefits, it is imperative that we secure funding for these vital programs to ensure that children and families are not left behind. This should not be a controversial bill. But the shutdown has created a crisis, so we are not going to go back and forth over the details. We are going to pass a bill. The Republican Senate passed this exact language with overwhelming support last year, and we have to pass something. Some have said we shouldn t pass this bill, but they have not said we should pass anything. We have to pass a bill to reopen the government. he right to   equal pay for equal work regardless of sex.   In fact, the Equal Pay Act was enacted 1 year prior to the Civil Rights Act of 1964 that, for the first time, provided for the enforcement of antidiscrimination laws. Over the past 55 years, the Equal Pay Act, in combination with title VII of the Civil Rights Act, has produced substantial progress toward addressing inequities for women in the workplace. Yet, loopholes and insufficient enforcement have allowed gender-based wage discrimination to persist. Today, women earn, on average, 80 cents on the dollar compared to White men in similar jobs. The wage gap is even worse for women of color. It exists in every sector, regardless of education, experience, occupation, industry, or job title. Drawn out over a lifetime, the persistent wage gap could cost a woman anywhere from $400,000 to $2 million. For many, this is the difference between financial stability and poverty. In fact, we know that achieving pay equity would actually cut the poverty rate for working women more than 50 percent. That is why we are considering this historic legislation today. After decades of failing to address persistent wage inequity, the Paycheck Fairness Act is our opportunity to strengthen the Equal Pay Act, bolster the rights of working women, lift families out of poverty, and, finally, align our remedies for gender discrimination with other established antidiscrimination laws by eliminating caps on damages when employers act with malice or reckless indifference, consistent with the laws governing discrimination based on race or national origin, treating attorney fees consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act, and restricting an employer s inquiry and reliance on a prospective employee s pre  share some reflections on events commemorating the first arrival of enslaved Africans to English colonies, to North America, including a forum my colleague, Representative DONALD MCEACHIN, hosted in Richmond earlier this summer and the events that took place on Fort Monroe National Monument last month. It was my great honor, along with Representative LURIA, to welcome Congressional Black Caucus Chairwoman KAREN BASS and fellow CBC member LACY CLAY to Hampton Roads for the solemn occasion marking the 400th anniversary of the first landing of enslaved Africans to English-speaking North America. The history of our Nation cannot be fully understood or appreciated without knowing and acknowledging the stories of those first what they said was   20 and odd   Africans and the millions who followed them. This was a goal that Senator KAINE and I had in mind when we drafted H.R. 1242, a bill to establish a Federal 400 Years of African-American History Commission. The goal of that commission was to explore ways to commemorate not just the events of 1619, but also to recognize all that has happened since. The city of Hampton and the Commonwealth of Virginia did a tremendous job in organizing events, including those last month, to commemorate and reflect on what happened in 1619; but it is incumbent that we, as a body, support the ongoing and necessary work of that commission beyond 2019, as we committed to do when we passed H.R. 1242. Senator KAINE and I are working with our colleagues in Congress to secure Federal funding to support the work of the commission, which is mandated under H.R. 1242 to plan programs to commemorate the history, recognize the resiliency of the African American community, acknowledge the impact that slavery and legalized racial discrimination has had on our country, and educate the public about those impacts and contributions to our community. The commission is also directed to provide technical assistance to State, local, and nonprofit groups working to further the commemorations as well as ongoing research on our complicated history. Madam Speaker, $1 million was included in the House version of the fiscal year 2020 Department of the Interior appropriations bill to support the commission s work, and that legislation passed the House earlier this year. I am committed to making sure that these funds are actualized. Thankfully, there is significant precedent for Federal support for commissions like this. Additionally, in recognizing the tremendous task before the commissioners and the funding challenges they faced, Senator KAINE and I are also actively exploring ways to extend the work of the commission for several years beyond its present July 2020 termination date. This part of our Nation s history is far too important to let this opportunity pass. Every American should be afforded the chance to understand and learn from it. As we gathered at the site of where slavery first arrived on our shores 400 years ago, we reflected on our complicated history; we celebrated the resiliency and many contributions of the descendants of those slaves; and we are committed to following the research and effectively addressing the issues that continue to plague our communities, including, a tax on our voting rights, police brutality, environmental injustice, and disparities in education, housing, wealth, and criminal justice. So, as we reflect on the events of 1619, let us all commit to constructively address those horrific years of slavery and legal racial discrimination and move forward with the strength, wisdom, and resolve of our ancestors. I rise today in support of the Stronger Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, or Stronger CAPTA. Congress has a vital role in helping States protect children from physical injury and emotional trauma associated with child abuse and neglect. Stronger CAPTA will fulfill that role by increasing investment in both treatment of child abuse and neglect, and programs designed to prevent maltreatment from happening in the first place. Specifically, this bill would provide States with resources to strengthen prevention programs, invest in child protective service agencies, and streamline communication between those agencies across this country. It would also build upon the bipartisan commitment to keep families together when it is in the best interests of the child. Last Saturday, May 18, was the 1- year anniversary of the tragic death of Heaven Watkins, an 11-year-old girl in my community who lost her life because of child abuse. Had the reforms in this bill been in place, Heaven s death could have been prevented. Specifically, investing in prevention strategies and improving the collection and sharing of vital information can help children like Heaven from slipping through the cracks. ",dim1,CR,-0.45,0.012
cline,"I rise in support of the bill. I want to thank the gentleman from Rhode Island for his leadership on this issue. The bankruptcy system is a critical component of our economy. It provides an important step, an important safety net for households and entrepreneurs when they need a fresh start. It also stabilizes and encourages lending, because it is a tried-and-true way for creditors to recover as much as feasible when things go wrong for borrowers. It is particularly important that the Bankruptcy Code work for small businesses. Small business owners are the backbone of communities across our country. It is their risk-taking that drives the creation of new jobs in America. When they need the Bankruptcy Code s help to reorganize their debts and keep their businesses going, the Bankruptcy Code should be there as a tool to help them. That is why I am particularly happy that the House today considers the Small Business Reorganization Act. This important bill offers long-needed reform of Chapter 11 in the Bankruptcy Code to help small businesses, and I am proud to introduce it, along with Chairman CICILLINE. I want to thank the full committee chairman, Chairman NADLER, and Ranking Member, Mr. COLLINS, for their support for this legislation and for being original cosponsors this term. Mr. Speaker, this bill promises to finally make Chapter 11 work for the entrepreneurs whose small businesses are critical to life in communities across this Nation, and I encourage all my colleagues to support the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I am proud to have introduced H.R. 3311, the Small Business Reorganization Act of 2019 with the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CLINE), and I thank him for his strong leadership on this issue, as well as the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS). This bipartisan legislation was unanimously approved by the Judiciary Committee and will address gaps in our bankruptcy system to provide financial relief to small businesses. This legislation is supported by the nonpartisan National Bankruptcy Conference, as well as the American Bankruptcy Institute. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass H.R. 3311. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3311, as amended. The question was taken; and (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed rise in support of the bill and I want to thank the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE) and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN), the sponsor, for his support of this important legislation which would provide National Guard members, Armed Services reservists, and their families continued flexibility to qualify for greater debt relief in bankruptcy. simply state that the HAVEN Act makes the Bankruptcy Code work better and more fairly for our Nation s veterans and those who depend on them; so I encourage my colleagues to support the bill. honor and support America s veterans and their families. The HAVEN Act does that by making sure disability and death benefits received by veterans and their families receive special protection during the difficult process of bankruptcy I am here once again to sound the alarm bell about our country s addiction to spending the hard-earned tax dollars of its citizens and future generations. It is with great regret that I report, as many are already aware, that our country s national debt has topped $1 trillion for fiscal year 2019.  Now, we know that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will blame President Trump s Tax Cuts and Jobs Act for this shortfall; but, in fact, the corporations they attempt to hold responsible have paid $8 billion more in the 11 months of this fiscal year than they did in 2018, according to issuesinsights.com. No, the increase in the deficit over the past year is due to rampant spending, stemming from right here in this Chamber. Wasteful spending increases have been seen across the board; and, to add insult to injury, the interest owed on this money is now up more than 14 percent. This is an issue that can go on no more. I promised my constituents when I came to Washington that I would convey their concern about our runaway national debt. It is time for all lawmakers to understand that we cannot afford to use tax dollars as a piggy bank for pet projects. Spending like what we have seen is a threat to our national security and a disservice to the American people. Since I started speaking 50 seconds ago, our national debt has risen nearly $2 million. Therefore, we cannot simply encourage leadership in Congress to commit to restoring regular order in the appropriations process, but we must demand that we address this fiscal crisis before it is too late. The United States Constitution expressly calls for the protection of creative works in order to promote innovation and creativity. Under that lofty authority, Congress established the copyright system. As was the hope, copyright-intensive industries have become critical to our economy, reportedly contributing more than $1 trillion. Unfortunately, in the system that we have today, many small businesses and individuals are unable to enforce their copyrights because they do not have deep enough pockets. It costs tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars to hire lawyers to litigate a copyright claim in Federal court. Sadly, this forces individuals to stand idly by as thieves profit off of their work. Our Founding Fathers wouldn t want a copyright system that discourages creators. After all, they wanted to create a system that fosters the creation of artistic works. That is why so many members of the Judiciary Committee helped craft legislation to stop the theft of copyrighted works and so many Members of the House have joined in support of it. H.R. 2426, the CASE Act, would establish a copyright small claims proceeding within the Copyright Office to provide a less expensive alternative to costly Federal court litigation. The proceedings would be simple, conducted remotely, handled by a panel of copyright experts, and limited to straightforward cases of alleged copyright infringement. Damage awards would be low, reaching a maximum of no greater than $15,000 per work, with a total award for a case capped at $30,000. Participation in such a small claims proceeding would be completely voluntary, and anyone falsely accused of infringement could simply opt out of the small claims proceeding. The CASE Act includes a number of other safeguards to prevent abuse. The Copyright Office is authorized to limit the number of cases one person can file and will review the allegations for sufficiency before forwarding them to the accused infringer. If an accuser files in bad faith, he or she would have to pay fees to the party falsely accused of infringement and be barred for 1 year. Several other provisions of H.R. 2426 would protect against inadvertent default judgments. They include requirements that the accused infringer be physically served; the complaint warn the accused infringer of the ramifications of not responding; and the accused be given several notices and chances to respond to the allegations against them. Most importantly, before a default judgment can be granted, the copyright owner must establish that their copyright was actually infringed by the accused. The bill is intended to provide a streamlined, inexpensive alternative for parties to resolve small claims of copyright infringement outside of court. H.R. 2426 accomplishes all of these goals. I come from the Commonwealth of Virginia, a Commonwealth which is rich in natural resources. We have an abundant supply of energy sources, but this legislation would destroy the untapped potential for research and investment in oil and gas resources off our coast. This bill would stifle innovation, prevent job creation, and severely limit the ability of our Nation to realize its full potential of achieving long-term energy independence. Studies have shown that exploring offshore oil and natural gas resources would bring thousands of jobs to Virginia and significantly boost its economy. Earlier this spring I traveled with Congressman SCALISE and a delegation of Members to his district in Louisiana, and helicoptered off into the Gulf of Mexico where I was able to see firsthand the great strides that have been made in energy exploration, technology, and innovation, and the great benefits that have accrued to Louisiana: Louisiana schools, Louisiana roads, and port projects as a result. The amazing developments in ensuring that energy resources can be explored and extracted safely and with minimal impact to our environment, demonstrated to me that similar efforts can be achieved back home in the waters off the coast of Virginia, and that our environmentally sensitive areas would be protected for future generations to enjoy, while we can lower energy costs for residents and businesses across our great Commonwealth. H.R. 1941 would block millions of dollars from going to Virginia and other coastal States. If South Carolina doesn t want the money, fine, but the Federal Government should not be in the business of halting Virginia and, in turn, America s economic growth. Failing to give States like mine the ability to explore the resources off our coast would be a grave disservice to my constituents, our Commonwealth, and our Nation. I urge my colleagues to oppose this misguided legislation here we go again, another bait and switch by the Democrats. We have a great bill, the CREATES Act, that allows consumers to access cheaper generic drugs, driving down costs, saving Americans $3.9 billion over 10 years. What have they done with it? They have stuck in poison pills designed to take choice away from Americans when it comes to their health insurance plans. As lawmakers, we owe it to Americans to protect their rights to make their own decisions, particularly as it relates to healthcare. The fact that we are here debating even further reducing these options available to Americans proves that we are not keeping up our end of the bargain. ObamaCare created a healthcare paradigm that aimed to take away options from Americans and give that authority to the government. As a result, premiums are skyrocketing, with the highest in the country being in my home State of Virginia. President Trump, thankfully, has stepped in to allow flexible, shortterm, limited-duration plans to help those in my district, where my constituents are pleading for more choices in health insurance. This administration is simply trying to give more options to Americans in this desert of choice. We should be creating an environment that encourages more choices for individuals and families. This includes a more individualized market, particularly with regard to employer-sponsored health insurance. It also means increasing pricing transparency at the point of sale to avoid surprise medical billing, which the President championed last week. Finally, we should address consolidation in the healthcare system through increased enforcement from the FTC and the DOJ under the Sherman Antitrust Act. This legislation is the height of arrogance. Government knows best, yet again. The American people know nothing about their own choices when it comes to health insurance. To double down on ObamaCare and take away the few options that are left for constituents, and giving those choices to those who caused this failure in the first place, the Federal Government, is beyond offensive to American citizens. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in rejecting this legislation. Reject this idea that government knows best, and stand up for affordable and accessible health insurance for all Americans pleased to rise in support of H.R. 150, the Grant Reporting Efficiency and Agreements Transparency Act. Madam Speaker, in 1788, Patrick Henry spoke at the Virginia Constitutional Convention, where he said:   The liberties of a people never were, nor ever will be, secure when the transactions of their rulers may be concealed from them.   Transparency in government is an important principle for the preservation of our Republic, and it has been a priority for me during my tenure in the Virginia House of Delegates, where I was proud to sponsor legislation to put the entire State budget in a searchable online database. In a similar vein, H.R. 150 would require that data on more than $600 billion in Federal grants be standardized and published on a single online portal. This is bipartisan legislation that would modernize the way the Federal Government does business by simplifying grant reporting information into a searchable, more manageable system. Nonprofit, State and local governments, and small businesses will no longer be forced to spend meaningful work hours on filling out duplicative paperwork. he grant reporting process more transparent but will make it more efficient and accessible to everyday Americans, thus saving taxpayer dollars and helping to fulfill the vision of another Virginian, Thomas Jefferson, who in his first inaugural said:   A wise and frugal government, which shall restrain men from injuring one another, shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned. This is the sum of good government.   I rise today to thank the American people for sending a message to this Congress that they do not want the pay raises for Members of Congress to go through. However, their work is not done, and they need to keep it up. They have successfully delayed the Legislative Branch appropriations bill from being considered as part of this omnibus bill that is going to be considered tomorrow, but it has only been delayed. It hasn t been removed just yet, so stay on the phones, stay on the emails, and stay on Facebook. Get in contact with Members of Congress to let them know that their constituents don t think that they deserve a pay raise. They have more work to do. There is much to be done, in terms of addressing the crisis at the border and continuing in the economic success that we have. Instead, we have many committees that are holding officials in contempt of Congress. We have more to do, so I ask the American people to keep up the great work. I am distressed by the lack of numbers in the Chamber right now because this truly is the greatest threat to the security of this Nation that we face. When I ran for office last fall, I promised the citizens of Virginia s Sixth Congressional District that I would reintroduce 4 words to Washington:   We can t afford it.   These are four words that have been needed to have been repeated over the last 22 years, as the last time a Federal budget with a surplus was signed into law was 1997. In Virginia, where I served in the House of Delegates until last year, we are required to balance our budget each year. And because we have placed a priority on fiscal responsibility, Virginia is frequently listed among the best states in which to do business. In contrast, the Federal Government has an outstanding public debt of more than $22 trillion. Every year, since 1997, Congress has failed to maintain a fiscally responsible budget and, instead, has relied too much on raising the debt ceiling. Because of this practice, on August 5, 2011, the credit rating of the United States was reduced by Standard & Poor s from AAA to AA+, and has remained at that level ever since. Virginia, through its fiscal responsibility, has maintained its AAA bond rating, one of only a few States to have that honor. Not only is the current practice of not passing a balanced budget fiscally irresponsible, it poses a threat to our national security. As part of his National Security Strategy, President Trump has highlighted the need to reduce the national debt through fiscal responsibility, and I commend him for it. In September 2011, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Michael Mullen warned:   I believe the single biggest threat to our national security is debt.   And at that time, our national debt was close to $15 trillion. Now, almost 10 years later, our national debt has increased by $7 trillion, a 46 percent increase. Madam Speaker, I am proud to stand with Congressman BIGGS, my fellow cosponsors, and a bipartisan group of national security leaders, in support of this resolution: Recognizing that the national debt is, indeed, a threat to the national security of the United States; Recognizing that deficits are unsustainable, irresponsible, and dangerous; and Committing Congress to restoring regular order in the appropriations process and addressing the fiscal crisis faced by the United States. The future of our great republic depends on it advancing the cause of our constitutional Republic by adopting policies that restore the confidence of the public in the U.S. Congress is one of the goals I have had since my election last November. The current lack of confidence is largely due to the dysfunction, partisanship, and distrust that is so prevalent. That is why I am proud to work together with my colleagues who are on the Republican Study Committee government reform task force and who are committed to helping reform our bloating Federal Government in order to expand opportunities for all Americans. Congress was established through Article I of the U.S. Constitution, and, as such, our Founding Fathers put the utmost responsibility in lawmakers to uphold their inalienable rights and to maintain proper transparency while doing so. Sadly, today s Congress has strayed far from that through Federal overreach. This makes the task force even more timely and important. The three main focuses of this task force are reforming government power structures, practices, and personnel policies. Each of these categories has a considerable amount of reform that would be meaningful and effective if enacted. I am committed to ensuring the beliefs of our Founding Fathers live on today through Congress  actions by reforming government so that it truly serves the people for whom it was created and by whom it is empowered. As a Virginian, I am proud that my State is currently one of the 27 that protects the fundamental right to work. Because of Virginia s pro-business and pro-employer stance, it has once again been ranked the number one State in which to do business by CNBC. Unfortunately, this is being threatened both at the State level in the Virginia General Assembly and now at the Federal level through this bill, the PRO Act. Every American should have the right to get a job or keep a job without being required to join a labor union. This bill would inappropriately preempt and prohibit that right, while concurrently violating the privacy of workers by forcing the sharing of their personal contact information with union organizers, even when this has been shown to enable harassment and intimidation of those very workers. This is unacceptable. The PRO Act would have grave impacts on workers and businesses at a great cost to the fabric of our workforce. Founding Father and fellow Virginian Thomas Jefferson said:   To compel a man to furnish contributions of money for the propagation of opinions which he disbelieves is sinful and tyrannical.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this bill and to stand for the freedoms and success that our Founding Fathers believed in. American technological leadership is critical to the health and competitiveness of our economy and to the well-being of people throughout the world. American researchers and biotechnology companies are currently leading the charge for a COVID 19 vaccine. Patents are a key factor in our technological leadership by providing incentives for innovation. Since 2012, the Patents for Humanity Program has helped the U.S. patent system encourage such innovation in key areas, such as in medicine, nutrition, and energy. the chairman eloquently listed several of the past award winners and the description of the acceleration certificate that they have been awarded that encourages them to keep innovating by providing for the acceleration of a patent application s examination at the PTO. This bill supports the admirable work of the Patents for Humanity Program, the inventors it promotes, and ensures that transferability of their certificates empowers the inventors who are recognized by this program and grants them greater flexibility to bring their inventions to market and continue working toward the next great invention. I am proud to cosponsor this bill and support the inventors powering technological leadership today and in the future. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan measure. I am incredulous. I cannot believe that we are here again debating another partisan messaging bill when our Nation s infrastructure is crumbling. Rather than working across the aisle to advance a bipartisan transportation and infrastructure bill, the majority is jamming a partisan wish list through to the floor again that prioritizes big cities and Big Government over the interests of the American taxpayer: tripling funding to urban transit programs, a 449 percent increase to rail programs, a 72 percent increase to mass transit programs, and to those of us in rural areas depending on highway and safety programs, only a 42 percent increase. We can see where the priorities of this majority lie, and it is not with the people of rural America. I was sent to Washington to ensure that our government is transparent and accountable for every action it takes. We can t afford the $1.4 million Green New Deal agenda that the majority has brought before us today. I represent a district in the Commonwealth of Virginia that is in dire need of resources to modernize its aging infrastructure and relieve the congestion bottlenecks that afflict our highways. Most notable for my region is Interstate 81, a road that spans six States with over 300 miles of it in Virginia, and that stretches the majority of my district from Front Royal in the north to Roanoke in the south. Each year there are nearly 2,000 crashes on Interstate 81 with over 25 percent involving heavy trucks. Over 45 major crashes a year cause delays greater than 4 hours. Current conditions are not only a frustration, but a grave public safety concern. People are dying on this road, and the failure to keep America s infrastructure up to par is costing lives. It is unconscionable that instead of focusing on public safety and improvements to our Nation s roadways, such as Interstate 81, liberals have hijacked this bill for their own political messaging. Instead of creating certainty for our local communities in the midst of a global pandemic, the Democrat majority has cast aside the interests of the American people in order to appease the extreme wing of their party as they look to November s elections. Republicans are willing and open to negotiating realistic ways to rebuild our highways and infrastructure, but it must be done in a fiscally responsible manner. I will not vote to leave our communities saddled with trillions in new debt and the Big Government regulations contained in H.R. 2. Instead of moving us forward, this legislation will bring America s economy and its growth to a screeching halt for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote to recommit this bill back to the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and develop a bill that reflects the bipartisanship that this committee and this bill have been known for for so many years. strong support of H.R. 4803, the Citizenship for Children of Military Members and Civil Servants Act. Most people believe that, in all circumstances, as long as one parent is a U.S. citizen, a child is automatically a U.S. citizen. In reality, the Immigration and Nationality Act lays out specific residency, physical presence, and other requirements for when a child is deemed a U.S. citizen and what procedures a parent must go through to claim that citizenship. For instance, section 320 of the INA requires that a child of a U.S. citizen automatically becomes a U.S. citizen if the child is under the age of 18 and is   residing in the United States in the legal and physical custody of the citizen pursuant to a lawful admission for permanent residence.   This creates a problem for some U.S. citizens and their families who are serving overseas in the military or other U.S. Government positions and who cannot return to the United States. Until very recently, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, USCIS, had been interpreting the term   residing in   to cover children of U.S. citizen government employees or members of the U.S. Armed Forces who were employed or stationed outside the U.S. That interpretation, however, was inconsistent with other parts of the INA and inconsistent, even, with the State Department s interpretation. Thus, there were instances when a U.S. citizen parent was told by USCIS that their child was automatically a U.S. citizen, but when the parent tried to obtain a U.S. passport for the child, they were told that the child was not yet a U.S. citizen because the proper process had not been followed. In late August, USCIS issued policy guidance aimed at correctly interpreting   residing in   to be consistent with the INA and the State Department s interpretation. It should be noted that, even if H.R. 4803 is not enacted, the children affected by USCIS  new guidance will still be able to claim U.S. citizenship; however, their families will have to jump through many more hoops to do so. Luckily, this issue affects fewer than 100 families per year, most of whom are cases of adoption or where the child is a teenager when the parent naturalizes. USCIS was legally correct to do what it did, but we in Congress are also right to make the technical change that allows the affected child to be automatically considered a U.S. citizen. The committee ranking member worked closely with Chairman NADLER to craft H.R. 4803. The bill deems the child of a U.S. citizen parent to be in compliance with the residence requirements of INA section 320 in circumstances where: one, the U.S. citizen parent is an employee of the U.S. Government stationed abroad or a spouse of that employee residing abroad with that employee; or, two, the U.S. citizen parent is a member of the Armed Forces stationed abroad or spouse of that member residing abroad with that member, and the child is authorized to and is accompanying the member. The bill ensures that children of U.S. Armed Forces members and U.S. Government personnel are not disadvantaged merely because their parents  service to our country requires them to be deployed abroad. I am pleased that the legislative process worked as it should, that Republicans and Democrats saw a legal issue that needed to be fixed and we worked together to pass the affecting legislation. recognize the gentlewoman from Texas for her remarks because, as a fellow member of the Judiciary Committee, we all stand for the rule of law. I, too, carry a Constitution with me. The Constitution explicitly creates a system that is representative of the people, where the people are elected by their constituents to come up here and represent their views in Congress and vote for them. It is not to come up here and to hand off control, to hand their vote to the majority leader, to the Speaker, and to the majority whip and let them vote for them and for the people of their district whether or not to go to court. The votes to enforce subpoenas, the votes to hold in contempt should be votes of the Representatives of the people. That is why this resolution today is such a travesty. Our job as legislators in this space is twofold; first, to conduct oversight to ensure the First Step Act is responsibly implemented; and, two, to address issues in that implementation. One such technical issue is addressed by H.R. 4018. This bill would allow the Bureau of Prisons to transfer eligible elderly, nonviolent offenders from BOP facilities into home confinement when they have reached 60 years of age and served two-thirds of the term of imprisonment to which they were sentenced. This is a bill technical in nature designed to correct a flaw in the First Step Act that will promote fairness in the implementation of good conduct time, as reformed in the First Step Act, and ensure our prisons do not become nursing homes. I believe that if we do not ensure that this act works, we will lose credibility with the American people, and any future efforts to reform our criminal justice system will fail. Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation and urge my colleagues to do the same. On September 11, 2001, terrorists attacked America and our way of life. Nearly 3,000 people died in the attacks in New York, northern Virginia, and Pennsylvania. When the shocking images of the World Trade Center and the Pentagon first appeared on television, first responders were already on the scene. In the weeks and months that followed, these first responders and construction workers worked hard to find victims and to clear debris. At the time, they were told the air was safe to breathe. They and the American people found out later that wasn t true. The health impacts for those who worked and lived in lower Manhattan in the months after the attacks are real and, in many cases, have been crippling and even deadly. That is why Congress passed legislation in 2010 to open the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund to first responders, construction workers, and others. It covers the cost of treating illnesses associated with exposure to toxins following the attacks. During the House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights and Civil Liberties hearing last month, we heard from those suffering from illnesses tied to their service after the 9/11 attacks. Those who testified moved me and the Nation as they discussed the illnesses that have beset them nearly two decades after the attacks. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of legislation to renew the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund permanently. In honor of the sacrifices of James Zadroga, Ray Pfeifer, and Luis Alvarez, this bill is called the Never Forget the Heroes: James Zadroga, Ray Pfeifer, and Luis Alvarez Permanent Authorization of the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund Act. It honors thousands of others like them who have succumbed to their 9/11-related illnesses. Debbie Smith s courage to share her story with the world has changed the lives of millions, and the law bearing her name has helped countless victims of sexual assault see their attackers face the justice they deserve. The importance of DNA evidence in criminal investigations and prosecutions is unquestionable. Since this program was first enacted, incredible progress has been made to reduce DNA backlogs. In my home State of Virginia, the FBI s National DNA Index contains more than 447,000 offender profiles and has aided in more than 11,000 criminal investigations. This legislation will reauthorize this vital program and will continue to support State and local law enforcement agencies  efforts to reduce DNA backlogs and analyze DNA evidence collected from crimes. As a former prosecutor, I know all too well how critical DNA evidence is to achieving justice for victims of sexual violence. I have been a strong advocate to reauthorize this program. I signed the discharge petition and spoke on this bill last month. With passage of this bill today, we move a step closer to protecting people from violent sexual predators and allow justice to be served through our legal system. It would have been better if we had taken up the Senate bill instead of pointing fingers and casting blame, but I hope that we will pass legislation quickly to get this grant money to the States and to those agencies that need it to make sure that justice is served. it is imperative that the House immediately bring the Debbie Smith Act up for consideration before the program expires later this month. As a former prosecutor in Virginia, I know all too well how critical DNA evidence is for achieving justice for victims of sexual violence. Debbie Smith s courage to share her story with the world has changed the lives of millions, and no person should ever have to experience her trauma firsthand. Thanks to this program, incredible progress has been made to reduce DNA backlogs, and we cannot take a step backward by allowing it to lapse. The importance of DNA evidence in criminal investigations and prosecutions is unquestionable. In my home State of Virginia, the FBI s National DNA Index contains more than 447,000 offender profiles and has aided in over 11,000 criminal investigations. This program has been reauthorized previously with bipartisan support, and there is no excuse for it to be politicized now. S. 820 has been languishing in the Judiciary Committee for months. This failure to act enables violent criminals to remain at large and in our society. rise in opposition to the amendment, which increases the authorization of STOP grants from $40 million to $60 million. The amendment does not have an offset from any other account. We had a hearing on this important legislation in committee. The gentlewoman is correct in stating that domestic violence is a problem and we must take action to confront it. It was disappointing that the legislation was taken from what was a bipartisan consensus and turned into a partisan document that went far beyond the underlying legislation which was allowed to expire. We had a hearing, and no witness that I recall advocated, during committee, for increasing the authorization level for STOP grants. STOP grants do perform a vital service. In fact, one of my first jobs out of law school was prosecuting under a STOP grant, prosecuting domestic violence cases in Rockingham County in Harrisonburg, Virginia. In the markup in committee, not a single Democrat offered any amendment to increase the authorization level by an additional $20 million. There has been no reason given to add an additional 50 percent to this specific program as opposed to any program. So I would urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. to save lives at the border, I ask unanimous consent to call up H.R. 3056, an emergency supplemental to provide critically needed funding for the humanitarian crisis at the border, and I ask for its immediate consideration. I was disappointed in the passage of H.R. 8 just a few moments ago, which will do nothing to address the rash of mass shootings that have occurred across this country in recent years but will place impediments in the way of lawabiding citizens acquiring firearms and in defense of their Second Amendment rights. But I was pleased that the motion to recommit was adopted. That motion was based on an amendment I offered in committee to require the national instant background system to report to ICE when an illegal immigrant tries to obtain a firearm in violation of current law. I was pleased that it received 220 votes. I have drafted it as a standalone bill. I will offer it for cosponsorship. I hope my colleagues will join me in cosponsoring the bill and ensuring those not here legally who try to purchase a gun are reported to ICE and deported before they commit additional crimes. I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1112. This legislation is an attack on the constitutional rights of Americans. This bill puts incredible roadblocks in the way of law-abiding citizens seeking to exercise their Second Amendment rights that are guaranteed to them in the Constitution. We should be focused on enforcing the current laws that we have on the books instead of passing Federal mandates that stifle freedom. This bill creates a bureaucratic maze that will allow the Federal Government to sit on its hands and force citizens to submit formal petitions to the Attorney General when they are trying to legally purchase a firearm, to ask permission to exercise their constitutional right. What other constitutional right would you suggest we put this level of restriction on? The freedom of the press? The freedom of religion? Should we start having the Federal Government review every media outlet s story for 10 days before they can be published? before a church can meet for worship? I don t think so. It is my hope that we will soon move forward with solutions, solutions that will actually make a difference for hardworking Americans across this great country. When I was sworn in as a Member of the House earlier this year, I saw great potential for Congress to come together and advance solutions to our Nation s greatest problems. Instead, I find myself standing here on the floor of this Chamber fighting for the basic liberties that our Founding Fathers sought to guarantee for every American commend those who have pursued the introduction and passage of this important legislation. And along with the comments of my colleague from New Hampshire,   they will never be forgotten,   we will continue to fly the POW/ MIA flag alongside the American flag. time and again my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have made it clear that this impeachment process is nothing but a sad act of political theater. The impeachment of a President, the attempt to insert the U.S. Congress between the American people and the President they elected 3 years ago, the attempts by this House leadership to prevent the American people from making their choice in the election next November, this is a serious matter and must not be abused as a tool for partisan gain or advantage in the next election. I have witnessed Democrats on the Judiciary Committee, as a proud member of that committee, repeatedly fail to find evidence to support a case for impeaching this President. Now, in the realization of this fact and at the expense of fundamental fairness and due process, the Speaker has removed any further investigation from the Judiciary Committee so that impeachment can be conducted in secret and out of public view no vote to proceed, no public hearings, no access to testimony, no ability to call witnesses. This is a sham, and the American people won t have it any longer. I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her remarks. She alluded to a number of reforms to our legal immigration process, and yes, I stand ready to work with the gentlewoman on those issues, but none of the legal reforms that are necessary to balance this legislation are in this bill. In fact, this bill is called the American Dream and Promise Act, but if we are looking for reforms that will secure our border, we are dreaming. The only promise being kept is the promise to put people who are here illegally ahead of legal immigrants in line for citizenship. It is a grave disappointment and a violation of this document, the Constitution of the United States. The American people might think, when tuning in, hey, great, we are finally addressing immigration, so maybe we will find a way to secure our borders. But this bill has no language to secure our borders, no language to build the wall, no language to help children and families in terrible conditions at the border, no language to reform our asylum programs or our visa programs to make them more efficient, and no language to stop the thousands of caravans of illegals crossing over the border, over 5,000 each and every day. Instead, it does the exact opposite. It incentivizes illegal immigration. It incentivizes the dangerous journey that these families are taking. We have heard a lot from the other side about individuals here illegally who are achieving, but we can cite every individual who is currently facing enormous danger, children facing enormous danger on this journey to the border, one in three women who are facing sexual assault on this journey to the border, families right now who are deciding whether or not to put their children at risk of death by marching up to the United States because they are hoping that there is an incentivized program like this in place when they get here. We need to take action to control our border. We will never stop the flow of illegal immigration coming into this country until we get serious about securing the border and until we follow through on the enforcement mechanisms that Congress has and continues to put in place. Until we do that, human trafficking, drug smuggling, and cartels will continue to thrive. This bill is unfair to immigrants who have obeyed the law to enter our country legally. America welcomes all who are coming to our Nation who respect the rule of law and want to contribute to our society. Unfortunately, they will be left to wait while USCIS attempts to process the millions of applications that today s legislation would authorize. It creates a system that is ripe for fraud and abuse. It includes a laundry list of unverifiable documents that can be used to obtain green cards. Mr. Speaker, there is nothing in this legislation that fixes what is wrong with our immigration laws. This is the wrong way to go. I hope that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will quit playing politics with people s lives and work with this side of the aisle to fix our broken immigration system and replace it with a system based on merit this amendment will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, the American people are sympathetic, forgiving, and reasonable people. They understand the idea of providing some type of certainty and stability for the approximately 700,000 DACA-eligible recipients who were brought to the United States by their parents at a young age and who otherwise have played by the rules while growing up in this country. Mr. Speaker, what they don t understand is providing green cards and a path to citizenship for violent gang members, national security threats, and those who, through their disdain for our laws, thumb their noses at Lady Liberty and the Constitution of the United States. They definitely don t understand why this bill treats men and women at the Department of Homeland Security like they are the dangerous ones, preventing them from receiving and utilizing readily available information in order to remove gang members, national security threats, and other public safety threats from our country to keep our families, our communities, and our Nation safe. This motion to recommit simply says that if an alien has been designated a danger to Americans, then they don t deserve to become an American. It provides that aliens whose applications are denied on the basis of criminal activity, national security risks, or as violent gang members are automatically referred to the Department of Homeland Security for a determination of removability from the United States. Under this bill, information about criminal activity provided in an application for a green card may not be used for the purpose of immigration enforcement, even if the application is denied or withdrawn. In practice, this means that, if an applicant has a murder conviction or if the applicant is a gang member and DHS knows about it because of the application, they can t refer that person for removal. It is just wrong. The perverse and practical effect of H.R. 6 is that criminal aliens, gang members, terrorist threats, and other public safety threats who could be denied a green card will simply stay in this country, as if we are simply a sanctuary nation. Mr. Speaker, some cities might want to be sanctuary cities, but most Americans want safety from crime, not sanctuary for criminals. This MTR also does not affect the stay of removal provisions in H.R. 6 or the provisions relating to finality of adjudication in the bill. Thus, the alien cannot be removed until they have exhausted their appeals and received a final decision on their application. If Democrats see fit to exclude criminals, national security risks, public safety risks, and gang members from receiving green cards, then they should vote for this motion to recommit to ensure those dangerous aliens are also denied a safe haven in the United States. I am sure most of the individuals who will take advantage of the provisions in this bill respect the U.S. Constitution and obey the laws of this Nation, but history has proven that criminal aliens, gang members, terrorists, and other public safety threats apply for immigration benefits all the time. If they didn t, we wouldn t have to have section 212 of the Immigration and Nationality Act, which makes such aliens inadmissible. Even under DACA, under President Obama s program, criminals have applied. In fact, according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, almost 8 percent of total DACA requesters, 59,786 individuals, had arrest records, which included such offenses as assault and battery, rape, murder, and drunk driving. And 199 individuals who requested DACA had 10 or more arrests. H.R. 6 also provides green cards to gang members. Criminal gangs are a scourge on our communities, preying on vulnerable populations while committing a vast array of criminal acts. H.R. 6 should not give gang members a foothold in the U.S. by fast-tracking them to a green card. This MTR makes it easier for DHS to deny the applications of gang members by making it an eligibility requirement that an alien is not a gang member and by explicitly permitting DHS to take into account the information found in gang databases. Hear me clearly: No matter what Democratic colleagues may say in the next few minutes, if Members don t vote for this MTR, they cannot look their constituents in the eye and honestly say that criminals will not get green cards. If the Democrats want to prevent such dangerous individuals from getting green cards, they must vote for this MTR. To do otherwise is to prevent a commonsense change that will ensure the safety of law-abiding Americans, as well as those who are seeking to be part of the greatest nation on Earth, the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEGUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Colorado is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. NEGUSE. Mr. Speaker, I may be new to Washington, but, apparently, I have learned something that the other side of the aisle has not, which is how to read a bill. If my colleagues go to page 11, line 21, of this bill, they will learn that gang members are not eligible under H.R. 6. Mr. Speaker, if my colleagues don t believe me, I will quote the bill, that the applicant   knowingly, willingly, and willfully participated in offenses committed by a criminal street gang . . . with the intent to promote or further the commission of such offenses   may be denied by the Secretary of Homeland Security. So, look, spare me. Spare me, Mr. Speaker. we stand in solidarity with the people of Venezuela, and I share many of the comments of the gentlewoman from Florida, but I must rise in opposition to H.R. 549. H.R. 549 statutorily designates Venezuela for inclusion in the broken program known as Temporary Protective Status. Pursuant to the Immigration and Nationality Act, the Secretary of DHS can designate a country for TPS if there are circumstances that would prevent the safe return of aliens to that country or if a country is temporarily unable to adequately handle the return of its nationals. When DHS does so, nationals of the designated country who are inside the United States on the date of the designation, whether legally or illegally, may apply to stay here and receive employment authorization. DHS has estimated there are 270,000 such Venezuelan nationals currently in the United States, over 100,000 of whom are here illegally. TPS is usually initially designated for a period of 18 months and then redesignated in 18-month increments after the Secretary reviews the conditions in the country to determine whether the conditions for the initial TPS designation continue. If the Secretary determines the country no longer meets the conditions for the TPS designation, the Secretary is required by law to terminate the designation. There are currently over 415,000 TPS recipients from 10 different countries in the United States. Despite the fact Congress intended TPS to be a temporary protection, over time it has become a permanent, automatically renewed status with some countries being designated for TPS for decades. For instance, Honduras was initially designated for TPS back in 1999 due to Hurricane Mitch which struck the country in October of 1998. Somalia was initially designated in September of 1991 based on armed conflict. The current administration applied the law under section 244 of the INA regarding mandatory termination of TPS designation if the conditions no longer exist, and terminated TPS for Sudan, Nicaragua, Haiti, and El Salvador. The DHS Secretary gave those populations at least 12 months to wind down and prepare for departure, but a lawsuit was filed, and activist Federal courts issued an injunction. I oppose H.R. 549, but do not do so lightly. There is no doubt that the people of Venezuela are suffering. They are in a dire situation as a result of the socialist policies of long-time President Hugo Chavez and his successor Nicolas Maduro. But I hold out hope for a regime change in Venezuela, and I know the administration is watching this situation closely. If Congress is, nevertheless, inclined to statutorily designate Venezuela for TPS, we should not do so without reforming the process to ensure renewal is not a rubber stamp; otherwise, we risk being in the same position we are currently in regarding other TPS designations. No other administration will terminate it, and 25 years from now, Members of Congress will call for green cards for Venezuelans here on TPS. Another concern is two Federal circuits, the sixth and the ninth, have held the mere grant of TPS is an admission for purposes of the Immigration and Nationality Act. The effect of those rulings is that TPS holders who were meant to be here temporarily can now get a green card pursuant to family or employment-based petition even if they entered the country illegally. Also problematic is the fact that the fee for a TPS application is statutorily capped at $50. Last week, the Immigration and Citizenship Subcommittee held a hearing regarding the long wait times for processing immigration benefits applications. Large volume is the biggest driver of longer processing times, but there is also not enough money to hire additional staff. Since it is a fee-funded agency, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services should be allowed to set the fee commensurate with the cost of application adjudication, which is obviously more than the mere $50. Lastly, I must point out the glaring hypocrisy of designating a country for temporary protective status after the majority recently passed H.R. 6, which created a green card path for 417,000 aliens in the country on temporary protected status. If the majority had its way, Congress would amend the INA to remove the word   temporary   from the TPS statute and just start handing over green cards immediately. currently the nationals of 84 countries are eligible for E 1 and/or E 2 status. During fiscal year 2017, about 48,000 E  1 and E 2 visas were issued. In the past, countries became eligible for these programs through treaties signed with the U.S. However, in 2003, the Judiciary Committee reached an understanding with the U.S. Trade Representative that no immigration provisions were to be included in future trade agreements. Henceforth, legislation would be required to add countries. This bill would make Portuguese nationals eligible for E 1 and E 2 visas. e an essential part of American society. We spend over $50 billion each year on sporting events. Billions more in revenue are generated from advertising, athlete endorsements, and broadcast rights of thousands of sporting events each year. The impact of sports in the United States is over half a trillion dollars, and the effects on local, State, national, and global economies are considerable. In other words, there is a great deal at stake. The integrity of leagues, coaches, athletes, and their sponsors is critical. Governments around the world sponsor their athletes in amateur sports, most notably in the Olympics. Scandals over the past 20 years involving doping and the use of performance enhancing drugs have tarnished the reputations of players and coaches, and especially clean athletes who follow the rules and do not use prohibited drugs and substances. The widespread doping by Russian athletes at the 2014 Winter Olympics led to Russia being banned from the 2018 Winter Olympics. Subsequent investigation revealed a massive government-sponsored doping program where a Russian drug testing laboratory director used a three-drug cocktail of anabolic steroids to boost the performance of Russian athletes. Even more distressing, Russian intelligence operatives switched the steroid-tainted urine samples of the Russian athletes with clean samples. In the end, 43 Olympic medals were stripped from Russia for doping violations. Federal law already contains penalties for kickbacks, bribery, corruption, foreign corrupt practices, and related crimes. However, it does not criminalize fraud through doping in international sport competitions, nor does it provide protections for the victims of doping fraud, such as athletes and whistleblowers. H.R. 835 would enhance America s jurisdiction over international sports and help ensure the integrity of athletes and coaches in the Olympics and similar competitions. Doping fraud conspiracies harm clean athletes and their coaches and cosponsors. They also defraud those who pay to watch sporting events and set an extremely poor example for our youth. It is time for the United States to join several European nations and add another means by which criminals engaged in doping fraud can be held accountable for their actions and no longer tarnish the honor and image of clean athletes. This bill is a unique example of bipartisan efforts. I am encouraged by the ability of Members and staff from both sides of the aisle to craft legislation which will help root out fraud and corruption in international sports. As the lead sponsor of several other bipartisan pieces of legislation, I look forward to finding more common ground for the benefit of the American people. I am pleased to support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it, as well. today is a sad day for this body, for the voters who sent me here last November, and for our Nation. Benjamin Franklin cautioned, when asked what he had given us:   A republic, if you can keep it.   Today, we take a step further toward losing the Republic that our Founding Fathers envisioned by engaging in activity that they specifically warned against: the misuse of the constitutional power of impeachment for one party s political gain. Our Constitution is the very foundation of our Republic. Its assurance of self-determination has been the shining beacon by which our Nation has chartered its course over the last two centuries. From a new democratic experiment struggling to survive to the greatest Nation on Earth, America has been powered, over the years, not by government, but by the ingenuity, the bravery, and the faith of its people, confident in their place as one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. So it is we the people who determine our President, not we the Judiciary Committee nor we the Congress. The Constitution is clear. It is only when we see clear proof of the impeachable offenses outlined in Article II, Section 4, treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors, that we are to challenge the decision of the voters, break the figurative glass, and pull the emergency rip cord that is impeachment. We do not have that proof today. Thomas Jefferson said:   I know no safe depository of the ultimate powers of the society but the people themselves; and if we think them not enlightened enough to exercise their control with a wholesome discretion, the remedy is not to take it from them, but to inform their discretion by education.   But rather than educate, this majority has chosen today to obfuscate with hearsay, innuendo, and speculation. And when history looks back on this shameful period for this House, it will judge it for what it truly is: the ugly hijacking, by the majority, of our Constitution and the powers it so solemnly entrusts to us to engage in a blatantly political process designed to finally achieve what they could not achieve at the ballot box: the removal of a duly elected President. Compelled by my sworn duty to uphold this Constitution and for the people, I vote   no   on impeachment today. based on age, race, sex or socioeconomic status. It is a plague that affects Americans in all regions of the country, including Virginia s Sixth Congressional District. In 2016, the United States experienced an astonishing 60,000 deaths related to drug overdose; nearly twothirds of which involved opioids. That means that more than 91 Americans die from an opioid overdose every day, making it the leading cause of death for people under the age of 50. This crisis is being fueled in part by a synthetic opioid known as fentanyl, a drug 80 to 100 times more powerful than morphine. In 2018 alone, more than 800 people died from fentanyl overdoses in Virginia. I applaud my colleagues for voting to save lives this week by renewing the classification of fentanyl as a Schedule I narcotic. Through commonsense solutions like this and support for first responders and treatment programs, I am confident we can help our fellow Americans struggling with opioid abuse and end this insidious epidemic. killing of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, and so many others has led to a nationwide cry for action to address racism and target police violence in America. Across the country, millions of Americans have peacefully rallied, protested, marched, and prayed for a changing of hearts and a changing of laws to pursue additional accountability and transparency in police departments. In my own district in Virginia, I was proud to join those who stood up against racism and declare that Black lives matter. A few weeks ago, I was optimistic that we could collaborate on legislation and rise to the occasion in the wake of the many injustices that have come to light across our Nation. But, today, I am saddened, saddened that the majority has slammed the door shut on Republicans, slammed the door shut on real reform, slammed the door shut on bipartisanship, and slammed the door shut on Senator TIM SCOTT s proposals as we sought to work together to find a bipartisan solution. Instead of working across the aisle on this important matter, and instead of taking Senator SCOTT up on his offer to work together on a bill that could be signed into law, the majority is pushing a bill through the House that cannot be signed into law and that will, in fact, impede the ability of good police officers to do their jobs effectively and, further, allow bad cops to hide behind police union collective bargaining agreements. During the markup of this legislation, my colleagues and I offered a dozen reasonable amendments in an effort to improve this bill. My amendment to ensure collective bargaining agreements do not protect racist and violent officers was rejected by Democrats at the markup and under the closed rule today, unfortunately, was not made in order. While I do thank the gentlewoman, the chair of the subcommittee, in ensuring that portions of my amendment were included and that the Department of Justice now would have the ability to pursue bad cops through consent decrees regardless of collective bargaining barriers, it fails to directly address the many troublesome provisions found in collective bargaining agreements that my amendment would have prevented, provisions like ensuring access to evidence for officers before interviews or interrogations about alleged wrongdoing occurred; provisions delaying officer interviews after alleged misconduct; mandating the destruction of disciplinary records nobody wants that to be a policy of a local police department; prohibiting the investigations of misconduct after a set length of time; prohibiting the investigation of anonymous complaints; requiring arbitration after being disciplined or terminated. These are provisions that do not belong in collective bargaining agreements for our local police departments. Between 2006 and 2017, according to The Washington Post, the Nation s largest police departments fired nearly 1,900 police officers for misconduct, but those departments were forced to reinstate more than 450 officers after appeals required by union collective bargaining agreements. Further, collective bargaining agreements have been linked to an increase in violent incidents involving law enforcement officers. One study found a 40 percent increase of violent incidents in Florida after a change in collective bargaining laws there. In 2006, the Bureau of Justice Statistics issued a report and found that law enforcement bargaining agreement garnered 9.9 use of force complaints for every 100 officers, compared to 7.3 use of force for nonunionized agencies. During the disciplinary process, only 7 percent of the complaints were sustained or found to have merit in departments with collective bargaining agreements. In agencies without unions, the sustain rate was more than double at 15 percent. This was just another example, by not including my amendment, of how the majority refused to work with us on this legislation, rather than accept good amendments on our side where we could find common ground, but we were cut out of the process. There is nothing in the legislation to address the dangerous and reckless efforts by some officials further to defund, dismantle, or disband police departments. Our dedicated police officers who serve our communities work to ensure that lawlessness does not prevail in our streets and neighborhoods. The anarchy and death that unfolded within Seattle s autonomous zone, or CHAZ, is a perfect example of what defund the police would look like across America. Frankly, it is no surprise that the American people are fed up with Washington. As Mr. HUDSON referred to earlier, this was a moment in our history that calls for unity and healing. But, unfortunately, with eyes on November elections, the majority has decided to let politics drive debate rather than sound public policy. We are all outraged by the horrific tragedies that have occurred across our Nation, and it is utterly unacceptable that the legislation before us reached the House floor in such a partisan manner. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill in its current form, and I urge them to reconsider because to get legislation across the finish line, we need to put politics aside to eradicate racism in America, to uphold the foundational principles of our Republic and live out the motto inscribed on the Supreme Court building across the street: Equal Justice Under Law. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank my colleague on the other side of the aisle for the ideas that you were concerned about, and the fact that you recognized that part of your ideas we did incorporate in the manager s amendment. And so I do look forward to working with you in the future. I want to say to several of my other colleagues on the other side of the aisle: This is a process. We have had many conversations, many conversations leading up to this, and I am sure those conversations will continue. But I am really encouraged to hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, number one, agree that what happened in Minneapolis was a horrific act of violence, and that the issue of police abuse is a real issue and that the issue of systemic racism is a real issue. I think it is important to note that because as these situations have happened before when people have been killed, even when they have been killed on video, they always seem to be up for debate.   Well, maybe we don t really know what happened before the camera went on,   or,   Maybe somebody was a criminal.   We are united on both sides of the aisle in recognizing that there is a problem in this country. There is a historic problem in this country. And I believe that we will eventually get there and move forward and have a bill. I am happy that we will be passing this bill today, but I don t see this as the end. I rise today in support of our men and women in law enforcement and to call for the restoration of the rule of law in this country. Over the past several months, we have heard politicians, pundits, and riot participants vilifying our Nation s law enforcement officers, brave men and women who have sworn an oath to protect and serve their communities. We must remember that words have consequences, especially when those words are uttered by Members in this Chamber. The overwhelming majority of police officers are good people. These men and women do the right job for the right reasons, and the people of Virginia s Sixth District strongly support these brave men and women. We have seen Back the Blue rallies spring up across the Commonwealth. Following the ambush of two sheriff s deputies in L.A. County this past weekend, I was moved to speak today to urge my colleagues to recommit themselves to honoring those in blue. According to the Officer Down Memorial Page, 193 members of law enforcement have been killed this year in the line of duty, nearly 40 of whom were as a result of a gunshot wound. These brave souls were moms, dads, brothers, sisters, husbands, and wives, each with a story, and each laid down their life for their fellow citizens. Their deaths bring no more holidays, no more anniversaries, no more birthdays, simply no more days. Regardless of race, gender, or creed, police officers are there in times of crisis. They very literally answer the call and run toward the sounds of danger while others run from them Too many have given their last full measure in the line of duty, only to have their memory disgraced with calls to defund and dismantle our police departments, which by doing so would destroy the peace in which Americans are blessed to live. Some in this Chamber have been actually pushing an antipolice agenda. Mr. Speaker, I am tired of folks playing politics with people s lives. Over the past few months, we have seen too much death, too much destruction, and too much division. We must restore the rule of law in this country, and we must get our country back on track. ",dim1,CR,0.72,-0.202
wittman,"I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1644, the socalled Save the Internet Act. This legislation seeks to restore the FCC s heavy-handed, stifling title II regulations of 2015 to govern the internet, the same antiquated regulations originally enacted to regulate wired phone companies of the 1930s. The internet, which is the single most important invention in modern human history, has thrived precisely due to light-touch regulations. Reinstating heavy-handed, stifling title II regulations on the internet is just plain bad policy. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle have supported these stifling title II regulations to ensure what they call net neutrality and prevent unreasonable discrimination practices of blocking, throttling, and paid prioritization. While I agree with my colleagues that no business should engage in these types of unreasonable business practices, this bill is hardly neutral. It blatantly ignores   edge providers,   such as Facebook and Google. Just read the headlines about their great behavior. They have made headlines for things like blocking, throttling, and requiring paid prioritization of consumer internet services. Additionally, in the 2 years following the FCC s 2015 order to regulate the internet under the stifling title II, internet investments regulations, those investments have actually declined for the first time and only time in U.S. history outside of a recession. As a Representative of some of the most unserved rural populations of Virginia, I have heard from providers, both large and small, that these stifling title II regulations have hindered their ability to expand service to rural populations. This is particularly concerning, as unserved areas already face extreme challenges to gaining access to broadband. Reinstating these stifling title II regulations would only further increase the digital divide between urban and rural America. I am a cosponsor of three bills offered by Ranking Members WALDEN, LATTA, and RODGERS, all based on bipartisan approaches, which prohibit the practices of blocking, throttling, and paid prioritization. I believe all three of these bills provide a bipartisan, permanent solution to opening the internet. I urge my Democratic colleagues to work with Republicans to solve this issue. I rise today in opposition to the partisan impeachment inquiry currently under way by House Democrats. They have elected to make this a closed-door, partisan process with no fairness, transparency, due process, or accountability to the American people. It is absolutely necessary for the Speaker to hold a vote in the full House to formally authorize an impeachment inquiry. Regardless of which party held the majority in the past, there has been an authorization vote because it allows the House to adopt procedures that will provide for the minority to be an equal part of this process. We cannot even get access to testimony from the secret hearings. Considering impeaching a duly elected President should be significant enough to demand transparency, due process, and an open and fair proceeding. In wake of this partisan exercise, we have abandoned the work of the people. We should be passing legislation that is bipartisan to lower the price of prescription drugs and approving the USMCA that will create millions of jobs for hardworking Americans. We cannot afford to put these priorities on the back burner, and I know the folks in my district agree. I include my statement in the RECORD, recording that I am opposed to these Articles of Impeachment on the basis that they do not measure up to Article II, Section 4. Madam Speaker, following the release of reports from the Oversight, Intelligence, Foreign Affairs, and Judiciary Committees, it is clear the hearings held by House Democrats over the last month have by no means proved President Trump committed an impeachable offense. Unhappy with the results of the election, House Democrats have been working to build a case for impeachment since the day President Trump took office. Speaker PELOSI said from the beginning that the impeachment must be  compelling, overwhelming, and bipartisan;  and today, none of those are true. In actuality, there is one thing bipartisan about this impeachment: the opposition to it. There is a reason why only three presidents have gone through this before it is supposed to be an exceedingly rare occurrence. The founders warned against a single party impeachment because it would divide the country and that is what we are seeing right now, we are seeing Democrats weaponize the impeachment process and I am worried for the precedent this will set for the future. The majority has wasted the Fall by being solely focused on impeachment leading us to pass two continuing resolutions, miss important deadlines for the NDAA, and leave funding to the last minute. I believe we need to be focused on solving problems and working on solutions for our constituents; the American people are sick of this partisan stalemate. I hope in the beginning of the next session we can get back to the real issues finding a bipartisan solution to lowering the price of prescription drugs, creating an infrastructure package, reforming our broken budget process, and expanding access to broadband in rural areas. H.R. 3250 would require the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the sites associated with the legacy of Julius Rosenwald, with special focus on the Rosenwald Schools. Julius Rosenwald was born in 1862, while Abraham Lincoln was President, in a house just a block away from Lincoln in Springfield, Illinois. He would eventually play his own major role in helping to elevate our Nation s African-American citizenry. A child of German immigrants, Rosenwald dropped out of high school after two years to apprentice with his uncles, who were major clothing manufacturers in New York City. He was active in the wholesale clothing business from 1879, until he joined Sears and Roebuck in 1895. Rosenwald became vice president and part owner of the company. Sears was the Amazon of its day, and Rosenwald went to extraordinary lengths to keep up with its growth. After stepping down as president of Sears in 1924, Mr. ROSEnwald devoted most of his time to philanthropy. Over the course of his life, he donated millions of dollars to public schools, colleges and universities, museums, Jewish charities, and African-American institutions. Of all of his philanthropic efforts, Rosenwald was most famous for the more than 5,000 Rosenwald Schools he established throughout the South for poor, rural African-American youth, and the 4,000 libraries he added to existing schools. These schools were cooperatively built with the assistance from the local African-American communities. Donations of land and labor by the local community were matched by financial contributions of the Rosenwald Fund. In fact, the great legacy is the number of leaders in the African-American community that would come back and actually teach in the Rosenwald Schools. It was this effort, along with Julius Rosenwald, that highlighted the disparities in the United States educational system and highlighted the objectionable nature of separate but equal tenets that predominated the school system under the law. In fact, it was these efforts that helped Thurgood Marshall, when he argued the case in 1954 before the Supreme Court, Brown v. Board of Education, to successfully overturn these separate but equal tenets of U.S. law at the time and found that separate but equal was indeed unconstitutional. It was the efforts of Julius Rosenwald, plus the tireless efforts of African-American communities across the United States, that finally got to a place that said, No, this is not the way our school system should operate; we should, in fact, take up the cause of African-American communities; they should, indeed, have equal school systems that are not separate but that have all the assets and all the efforts and all the focus that other schools had at the time. This was the foundation of that. Rosenwald, through his funding of these schools, actually was able to elevate that issue to national prominence. I believe, and many others believe, too, that it was one of the underlying principles and arguments that Thurgood Marshall made before the Supreme Court in 1954. In recent years, the National Trust for Historic Preservation, in several State historic offices, have initiated programs to survey the surviving Rosenwald Schools. In fact, in the First Congressional District of Virginia, there are a number of remaining Rosenwald School buildings that are, incredibly, in very good shape. In fact, many of the community organizations have purchased the buildings, have raised money to renovate the buildings, and put them back into their original condition so that people can actually see how education took place at that time. They highlight, too, leaders in the African-American community who actually went there and taught at those schools. Remember, these teachers did everything. They came in, they stoked the fires in the stove, and they prepared lunches for the students. They did everything to keep these schools running. This is a tremendous story that needs to continue to be told across the Nation. As I said, these are indispensable parts of our community. This bill would authorize a study to evaluate the national significance of selected Rosenwald School sites and determine the suitability and feasibility of designating these sites as a unit of the National Park System. I rise today on behalf of the citizens of the First Congressional District of Virginia to say that America s glass is still half full. While we face this unprecedented challenge, we see across our Nation the resolve and the spirit of America. It is alive and well. This is a challenge for us here in Congress to show the same spirit and resolve, to get the job done for the American people. While this bill is far from perfect, it will demonstrate that we can come together and show what we have seen in the days past of what is going on across America. America s best days are still to come, and we continue to be the greatest Nation the world has ever known. May God continue to bless our great United States of America",dim1,CR,0.451,0.00
spanberger,"increases funding toward colorectal cancer screening and prevention. Right now, colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in the United States. This year alone, more than 50,000 people across the country are expected to die from this disease. One out of 20 Americans will be diagnosed with colorectal cancer during their lifetime. When I hear these statistics, I think of more than just the numbers. I think of the families and the lives that are impacted. I think of my own motherin-law who was diagnosed with colorectal cancer years ago and remains cancer-free to this day. I think of my dear friend Peg a teacher, an advocate, and a fighter who, when faced with her own devastating diagnosis, committed herself to educating others about this disease and the benefit of screenings. With so many Americans like Peg and my mother-in-law diagnosed with colorectal cancer each year, Congress needs to support prevention efforts. Over the last few years, funding for the groundbreaking Colorectal Cancer Control Program has remained the same. This year, I thank the Appropriations Committee for recognizing this problem. By bringing attention to the increasing rate of colorectal cancer among younger adults, we are sharing the gift of research and promoting the spread of 21st-century prevention. My amendment would strengthen the Appropriations Committee s efforts by providing $3 million in additional funding for colorectal cancer research under the Coordinated Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion Program. In Virginia, the Virginia Department of Health significantly benefits from this program and uses these funds to provide early screenings across the Commonwealth. If this critical amendment passes, the House would provide a major increase and much-needed funding for colorectal cancer screening and control under the CDC. This increased support means more necessary screenings, more evidence-based interventions, and a path toward more lives saved, especially among some of our country s most vulnerable patients. Studies indicate that as many as 60 percent of colorectal cancer deaths could be prevented with screening, but the number of colorectal cancer screenings has remained level since 2010. Clearly, we are overdue for progress in this fight. By making a vigorous effort to increase the numbers of screenings, we will be able to catch abnormal growths before they turn into cancer, and we can catch colorectal cancer early when treatment is more effective. As we fight for additional vital funding for the CRCCP, we are allowing prevention and education initiatives to reach more Americans. That gives more families the opportunity to live cancer-free. We have a rare opportunity to build a coalition in this battle. Across the country, more than 1,700 organizations have committed to defeating colorectal cancer as a public health crisis. Together, they have committed to the goal of 80 percent screened in the coming years. Congress needs to join this effort, and my amendment can and should be part of that fight , I would like to note, for the RECORD, that I am new to Congress, elected in November, so I was not here last year or last Congress during the tax bill cycle. Given that my colleague across the aisle was, I find the lectures about fiscal discipline to be very challenging to take when we are discussing Monopoly money, fantasy land money, and taking money from the next generation. I know a great deal about the challenges that ride on the fact that we have increased our debt year after year, and I find it very difficult to listen to lectures about this from a colleague who, in fact, voted to balloon the deficit. This is about prevention and screening. This is about the health of Americans. This is about being proactive in our spending. , I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 3055. Across the country, insufficient rural broadband access is creating a divide between those who are connected and those who are not. That is why my amendment increases funding for the USDAs ReConnect Program by $55 million, representing a 10 percent increase over last year s funding. According to the FCCs 2019 Broadband Deployment Report, one in four rural Virginians lacks access to high-speed internet. This digital divide can lead to consequences that impact educational and economic opportunities across our rural communities. This figure is even more stark when you hear from those affected. Earlier this year, I sent out a survey to learn more about how the lack of reliable broadband internet is directly impacting the people I serve here in the House of Representatives. I received more than 100 responses in a short amount of time from families, students, and business owners across our district. Take, for example: Regina from Louisa, who says that the lack of consistent, reliable internet services hinders everything her family does, from receiving reliable emergency notifications to paying their bills in a timely fashion; Jasmine from Spotsylvania takes online classes at home, but the lack of access to broadband internet has barred her from accessing assignments that she needs to complete in order to obtain her degree; and Robyn from Amelia County, who works on her family s beef and cattle farm, says:   When the internet is down, I can t do simple things like process payments, send liability payments, or check the radar for our guys out in the fields.   For every Regina, Jasmine, and Robyn, there are hundreds of thousands of Americans with similar stories. To level the playing field for our rural residents, we need to make sure broadband internet is a component of our national conversation about infrastructure. That is why I believe we need to expand existing programs such as USDA s ReConnect Program. This program allows communities to apply for Federal funding to strengthen and expand their regional broadband infrastructure, but the current scope of these programs is insufficient to meet the scale of the challenge and the demand. In the first round of ReConnect Program grant applications this year, USDA saw a nearly 3-to-1 ratio in application funding requested versus the actual amount of funding available. My amendment would increase the funding for the USDA ReConnect Program from $550 to $605 million, and I am proud to lead this bipartisan effort to provide greater connectivity to rural America. This extra $55 million is not the magic solution, but it demonstrates that one of our priorities here in Congress is to keep our rural communities strong; and when rural America is strong, it makes our country as a whole even stronger. By helping our rural neighbors close the broadband gap, we are allowing the rural communities to attract new businesses, spur economic growth, and give their kids an equal opportunity to succeed in a global, hyperconnected economy. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP). Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Madam Chair, I rise in strong support of this amendment. There is wide support and recognition as to the need for investing in broadband infrastructure. As a necessity for modern life, we must continue our efforts to bridge the broadband divide to ensure that as many rural Americans as possible receive fast and reliable broadband service and the multitude of benefits that are associated with it. Madam Chair, the gentlewoman s amendment, if adopted, would bring broadband funding to the highest level since 2009, with the Recovery Act. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. last week the administration asserted that the Affordable Care Act should be invalidated in Federal court. If this effort succeeds, protections for those with preexisting conditions would vanish. Approximately 51 percent of central Virginians under the age of 65 have a preexisting condition. If this effort succeeds, we would see the return of caps on lifetime coverage, and those over 65 could be forced to pay higher Medicare premiums. If this effort succeeds, we would lose the ability to keep our children on our insurance plan until age 26. In Virginia, where we just saw Medicaid expansion become law, this would be upended as well. If efforts to scrap our healthcare system succeed, Medicaid expansion would be completely gutted, and with it, our efforts and ability to deal with the opioid epidemic across our State. Right now, we need a bipartisan effort to stabilize and fix our healthcare system, not a hyperpartisan lawsuit focused on settling old scores. Central Virginians deserve better. We are here to solve problems, and if there is a problem with our healthcare system, we should fix it, not upend our system, not hurt those with preexisting conditions, not get rid of the prohibition on lifetime caps, not eliminate a provision that allows young people to stay on their parents  insurance. This is why, among the other efforts we are making in this body, I am proud to cosponsor the Protecting Pre-Existing Conditions and Making Healthcare More Affordable Act of 2019. rise today in support of H.R. 3352, the Department of State Authorization Act. I would like to first take a moment to thank Chairman ENGEL and Ranking Member MCCAUL for their leadership on this authorization, the first in more than a decade. Truly, we are overdue. As a former intelligence officer who has served abroad, I can attest to the vital contributions of the State Department and its workforce in keeping our American families safe and secure. We need to give our diplomatic corps, civil service officers, and support staff the tools, resources, and training they deserve as they protect and uphold U.S. interests and values around the world. Among this bill s strong provisions, I am proud to see my amendment pass committee to keep the State Department workforce safe from sexual harassment and assault. Additionally, I urge my colleagues to approve my amendment to approve the security assistance coordination between the Department of State and the Department of Defense. This amendment would help Congress and the American people better understand how our military deployments support our diplomatic priorities. I encourage my colleagues to support this important bill and to recognize and reinforce our appreciation for the tireless work of our diplomatic and civil service corps. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia, the Pacific, and Nonproliferation. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL), chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, for bringing this bill up, and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), my good friend and colleague, the lead Republican on the House Committee on Foreign Affairs. I can t tell you how important this bill is, and I rise today in support of H.R. 3352, the Department of State Authorization Act of 2019. You heard how long it has been since we have passed this. It recently passed out of the Foreign Affairs Committee with wide bipartisan support. This is the hallmark of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and it shows the good work that is done and how important this is, and that is why the Foreign Affairs Committee is the most important committee in the House. This legislation helps support the important work that the State Department does and its diplomats do to protect our national security. I have had the honor to travel on codels that are so important, and I encourage Members to do that, because it strengthens America s foreign policy, our engagement, and it leaves a belief in those other countries that America is here to be allies. What I am always amazed at is the hard work of our State Department employees; and not reauthorizing a bill that gives them the ability to work, it kind of affects their attitude. So this is a critical bill to be approved at this time. Despite the essential need for a fully functioning, operational Department, this is the first time in 6 years that there has been a comprehensive Department of State authorization bill. It is the duty of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and the Congress as a whole to provide our departments with the necessary tools to advance the United States  foreign policy. Again, I thank Chairman ENGEL and Ranking Member MCCAUL for including the language from my bill, H.R. 1677, which repeals certain foreign affairs reporting requirements within the State Department. This provision will repeal, again, the unnecessary, redundant requirements that are outdated and no longer needed. I would also like to commend my colleagues in the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, the staff for coming together and supporting a bipartisan bill that will protect America s national security. We must not let partisan divide continue to handicap our diplomats and their mission. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the passage of this bill. I would like to raise the alarm and sound the alarm about the shutdown and how it is harming the people of central Virginia. Across the country, hundreds of thousands of Federal employees are working without pay or are furloughed, including critical law enforcement personnel. The best way to illustrate the destructive effects of this shutdown is to share a story from one of my constituents in Virginia s Seventh District. She said to us: My husband is a Federal employee and the sole provider for our family, and right now, we don t know when he ll get paid. Because I got sick last year, we now have less money in the bank, and we re not sure how we can hold on. While he could make more money in the private sector, my husband believes that working in a Federal job is his way of making a difference through public service and every day, he is proud to go into the office at 5 a.m. to do what he can to serve his country. One of the hardest days of his life was when he came home and said that earlier that day, he had told those under him that they were furloughed just days before Christmas. We are begging you to reopen the government. This story demonstrates the importance of fixing this mess and reopening the government. I encourage my colleagues and leadership to act now in a bipartisan way to protect the livelihoods of these hardworking families. I rise to share another story of how this reckless shutdown is hurting real people in real communities, including in central Virginia. Chesterfield, Virginia, resident Donna Ingram has worked for the U.S. Department of the Treasury for 15 years. She is a mother of two, and because of the shutdown, she is worried about her ability to make ends meet. Earlier this month, Donna s pay stub showed the word   furloughed,   and her paycheck showed the number zero. Donna is currently in the middle of medical treatment, but because of the shutdown s financial harm, she has been forced to discontinue her treatment. Donna said her livelihood is at stake and that she could lose everything she has worked so hard for over the past 15 years. Donna said that Federal employees like her want to work; they want to serve our government and our communities; and they want to continue their service. Yet this is how we treat our public servants here in the United States? Are they bargaining chips? I will continue to push for an immediate end to the shutdown, because I do not think they should ever be used as bargaining chips. There are hundreds of thousands of hardworking Federal employees like Donna who are depending on us, their elected officials, to do our jobs, to open this government, and to restore the function of our government. over the past 34 days, we have heard that this shutdown is about security. Well, I am a former undercover CIA officer, so let s talk about security. There is nothing secure about FBI agents working without pay. There is nothing secure about them closing down investigations and losing their informants, their counterterrorism informants. There is nothing secure about TSA employees who keep us safe in the airspace working without pay. There is nothing secure about our Customs and Border Patrol agents, who work along the very border we are discussing, working without pay. There is nothing secure about our air traffic controllers working 10 hours a day to keep our airplanes safe in the air. There is nothing secure about our diplomats, who work in war zones and around the world to keep this country safe, working without pay. There is nothing secure about the 42,000 dedicated members of the U.S. Coast Guard working without pay as they defend our shores. The public servants who work every single day to protect the lives of their fellow American citizens deserve better. I know this because I used to be one of them. This shutdown is a disgrace. It is hurting our national security. We must end it now so that Americans can sleep safely at night; Federal workers can receive the paychecks they have earned; and our country s military, economic, and diplomatic strength can be preserved before it is too late. proud to introduce this amendment alongside my colleague, Congressman HURD from Texas, who is also a former CIA case officer. Our bipartisan amendment, the Trafficking and Smuggling Intelligence Act, comes at a time of great hardship, violence, and heartbreak across Mexico and the Northern Triangle countries and at a time of crisis at our southern border. The volatility in our backyard should be cause for serious concern. Here in the United States, we have experienced the devastating effects of the drug trade on the health of our citizens. On our southwest border, we have witnessed how ongoing violence and instability in Central America is a driving factor for increased migration toward the United States. Our bipartisan amendment would require intelligence assessments of drug trafficking organizations, human trafficking organizations, and human smugglers across Mexico and the Northern Triangle. b 1945 These would include reports that could be released publicly to the American people. Our amendment would direct our public servants to use their expertise to better understand the root causes of violence, instability, and migration. With these improved assessments from DNI, we would be able to strengthen our national security in the face of threats from traffickers, smugglers, and other criminal organizations. Like so many of our colleagues, Congressman HURD and I recognize that if we are to keep Americans safe while also responsibly addressing the situation at the border, we must address the conditions at the core of the instability we are seeing in Central America. rise in support of S.J. Res. 36, a joint resolution which I am leading in the House. The evidence is clear: the Saudi Government continues to disregard the vital distinction between combatants and innocent civilians in Yemen. In February, Congress voted to end U.S. support to the Saudi-led campaign against the Houthis that have left thousands of civilians dead and created one of the largest humanitarian crises in modern times. However, the President not only vetoed a resolution, but the administration is now ramping up support for Saudi Arabia s offensive actions in Yemen, while simultaneously escalating tensions with Iran. As I made clear during Foreign Affairs Committee hearings in May, not only is the administration trying to sell the Saudis more powerful weapons, but we are giving them the opportunity to build their own. With this latest proposal, the administration would be transferring sensitive technology that would allow Saudi Arabia to manufacture these high-tech weapons directly. Congress needs to reassert its authority now as a coequal branch of government. This resolution, which I have led in the House, would make sure that blatantly offensive weapons aren t sold to the Saudi military under the guise of defensive uses without congressional review. I am proud to work with my colleagues in the Senate to block the sale of precision-guided munitions, which are responsible for some of the most horrific examples of targeted attacks against civilians. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand up against this misguided decision, protect innocent lives, and reassert the authority of Congress. I thank my colleagues Congressman ARRINGTON and Congressman BOYLE for their partnership on this bipartisan legislation. I thank Congresswoman SLOTKIN for her cooperation and commitment to our efforts. And I thank Congresswoman SCHAKOWSKY for her work here today. Madam Speaker, if we are going to make substantial long-term progress on the issue of prescription drugs, we can t be afraid to work in a bipartisan manner, and I thank my colleagues for joining me in this fight. I also thank Chairman PALLONE and Chairman NEAL for their dedicated work on tackling prescription drug costs and the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Ways and Means for voting to advance our bill and making this floor vote possible. This bipartisan bill would help address the number one concern facing central Virginia s working families, chronically ill, and seniors the rising cost of healthcare. In every community in the Seventh District of Virginia, from Chesterfield to Culpeper, the extremely personal effects of rising prescription drug costs are on full display. Whether at a coffee shop, town hall, or street fair, I always hear yet another heartbreaking story from a mother, a father, a grandparent, or a young adult struggling to afford their prescription drugs. People genuinely feel helpless, and it is due to no fault of their own. In many cases, steep costs have forced them to make nearly impossible decisions. A costly, lifesaving medication could mean buying fewer groceries for their family. It could mean reluctantly selling their home. It could mean saving less, or nothing at all, for their retirement or their kids  education. And even for those who are healthy, there is an overwhelming fear: What if I get sick, or what if a loved one gets sick, and we can t afford the medication? Back in August, I held a roundtable with patients, pharmacists, and healthcare providers in Henrico County to discuss this community-wide issue. Together, we talked about the financial challenges caused by overpriced drugs, but we also discussed the issue of pharmacy benefit managers, PBMs. To those in the healthcare industry, PBMs are known as the middlemen between drugmakers, health insurers, and pharmacies. But for many Americans, PBMs remain a mysterious player within the prescription drug marketplace. Operating in the murky world of drug negotiation, there are few windows into the value of the rebates and discounts PBMs receive from drug companies. Effectively, they are a black box in the long supply chain from the pharmaceutical company to the patient. During our roundtable in Henrico, one local pharmacist described how PBMs continue to enjoy record profits thanks to the pharmaceutical industry, while patients and pharmacists get stuck with unsustainable costs. Right now, the three largest PBMs control three-quarters of the U.S. prescription drug market. There seems to be little transparency. And where there is zero transparency, there is rarely room for accountability or oversight. If we don t cast sunlight into this black box, patients will continue to be left in the dark about the effect of PBMs on the prices of specific drugs. The Public Disclosure of Drug Discounts Act would be a step toward bringing greater transparency to this broken system. The principle behind my bill is simple. Let s take the information already provided to the Federal Government and make it public. PBMs are already required to declare rebate data, discounts, and generic dispensing rates to HHS, but under my bill, this information would be posted publicly for the general public to see. Beyond the principle of my bill, the goal is even simpler: lowering drug costs for our neighbors. By sharing this information online with American consumers and businesses, we would give seniors, families, and pharmacists a better sense of how PBMs could be influencing excessive prices. And we would start to address one of the root causes of our prescription drug affordability crisis. In central Virginia and across the country, families should not be racked by a constant uneasiness about their financial well-being simply due to rising drug costs. They shouldn t be forced to accept silently the undisclosed results of PBM negotiations that could be bankrupting them. We need to show the American people that we want to see progress on this vital economic issue and that we are hearing their stories, seeing the problems that exist, and actually moving to reform a prescription drug marketplace that too often seems to be working against the best interests of American patients. Today, I call on my colleagues to pass the Public Disclosure of Drug Discounts Act because we are long overdue for meaningful actions that can turn the tide I rise in support of H.R. 9, the Climate Action Now Act. Back in 2003, 16 years ago, the Pentagon commissioned a report on how climate change would impact our ability to keep our country safe. Its conclusion? That we should move beyond scientific debate and treat ongoing ecological damage as a serious national security threat. Our military and intelligence communities agree that climate change exacerbates conflict and instability. It weakens fragile governments, contributes to food and water insecurity, and perpetuates poverty. These are threat multipliers, and they present real risk to U.S. interests around the globe, especially in areas vulnerable to extreme weather, such as the Middle East and sub-Saharan Africa. As a former CIA officer, I recognize that combating climate change is a national security imperative, and the first step in this fight is to keep our word to cooperate with our allies and partners in this battle. By staying in the Paris Agreement, we demonstrate that the United States takes our planet s fate seriously, keeps its word, and can be a steady partner in future agreements. Going forward, we must use our country s tremendous diplomatic, military, and economic strength as assets in this global fight. Today, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation because our country cannot afford to abdicate its role of leadership. rise today in support of H.R. 5430. Last year, Virginia exported $4.3 billion worth of goods to Canada and Mexico. One out of six Virginia manufacturers exports to these two countries, and of these firms, 64 percent are small- or medium-sized businesses. These businesses are the backbone of our economy, and today they are looking to Congress to take this vital step towards securing long-term trade stability. Earlier this month, I made that point clear at a meeting with the vice president. During our discussion, I underscored the USMCA s potential to stimulate growth across the Seventh District of Virginia. For central Virginia businesses, today s vote is a welcome step forward towards modernizing NAFTA and staying competitive in the 21st century. For Virginia s crop and livestock producers, today s vote means protecting and expanding relationships with critical buyers in Canada and Mexico. And for central Virginia s workers, today s vote carries with it a commitment from our trading partners to live up to their labor commitments. I know that central Virginia s economy and the hardworking men and women who spur it forward have waited patiently for this day to arrive. Madam Speaker, I thank everyone for their work on this: Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, Ambassador Lighthizer, and my colleagues on the working group. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support USMCA. Mr. BRADY. Madam Speaker, I yield 11?2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER). Mrs. HARTZLER. Madam Speaker, this week represented the best of times and the worst of times. Yesterday displayed the worst of times by impeaching the President for political reasons and reversing the will of 63 million Americans. Today, however, represents the best of times by finally voting to approve the USMCA. This historic agreement, which has been held up by Speaker PELOSI for over a year, will bring 176,000 new jobs and spur $68 billion in new economic activity. It removes trade barriers for our ag products, creating new markets for our farmers and helping rural America as a result. Encouragingly, the auto industry will benefit as well. Just last week, General Motors announced that it would be investing over $1 billion in a truck plant in my home State of Missouri due to the USMCA. This agreement moves our relationship with Mexico and Canada into the 21st century, and will benefit the American farmer, the American worker, and the American consumer. I applaud President Trump for delivering on this historic trade agreement. I look forward to voting   yes   on the USMCA and bringing more jobs to our great country. Canada and Mexico are two of the Commonwealth s largest trading partners. In 2018 alone, Virginia exported $4.3 billion worth of goods to our northern and southern neighbors. Last month, in Chesterfield County, I sat down with local businesses, business leaders, and members of the Chamber of Commerce to talk about how the USMCA could strengthen export opportunities and spur economic growth for businesses in our area. Cattlemen and dairies, farmers, and producers across my central Virginia district care deeply about the certainty and stability afforded by a trade deal. Amid ongoing USMCA discussions, my constituents want and need the longterm certainty of a trade deal between our three countries. I thank the congressional working group for its productive efforts to arrive at a deal that meets the needs of our farmers, producers, small businesses, medium-sized businesses, and American workers. We need House negotiators and the administration to come to a final agreement. We need to get this done and deliver trade stability for our constituents back home in my central Virginia district and across the country. f PASS USMCA WITHOUT DELAY (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Madam Speaker, my colleague from Virginia, on the other side of the aisle, just gave my speech. The USMCA is a very important document, a very important measure, that we need to pass without delay. Our trade with Mexico and Canada, our two most important trade partners in the world, needs to be secure so that we can start doing more business with them. It will be great for much in agriculture, our dairies, forestry, auto parts, and California wine to have the stability of this. It will also show the rest of the world that we are ready to do business and negotiate better deals with Japan, China, and others. Let s get this done. Let s not have the USMCA vote held up any longer or have it become leverage for other things. I speak today as someone who has spent my career in public service identifying foreign threats to the safety and security of the American people. As a former CIA officer, I worked to identify threats to our country, our fellow Americans, and threats that would leave our Nation vulnerable to attack, espionage, or foreign influence. As Congress acts this week to restore transparency to our government and regain trust from the people we serve, we must take steps to prevent foreign influence in our democratic process. I support efforts to push back against the very real threat of foreign financial influence. I know nefarious actors are out there. I know they are tireless in their commitment to target our foundational institutions, including our voting process. The American people shouldn t have to worry about the ability of foreign governments or entities to influence our elections and our citizens, but senseless loopholes in our campaign finance system have left our electoral process vulnerable to spending by foreign governments, corporations, and foreign nationals. These foreign entities should not have the ability to exert influence over the issues that impact Americans most, including the national defense, healthcare, and our financial services sector. That is why I am proud to cosponsor this much-needed, bipartisan amendment. This amendment would strengthen the integrity of our elections by encouraging our government to ensure that our campaign finance system is not falling prey to signs of foreign money in our politics. It would require the FEC to conduct an audit to look for foreign money in our elections and then require the FEC to report its findings. This week, we are focused on fighting for the public interest, fighting for transparency, and fighting for accountability. We have a rare opportunity to restore faith and trust in our system of government. Mr. Chair, I thank all those who have fought to bring us to this point and for our upcoming major historic vote on H.R. 1. As we speak, I am working under a mandate from the people of central Virginia. They expect me to fight back against a broken Washington and to work to protect our democracy, whether from special interests, barriers to voting, or foreign influence. Right now, we are seeing an uptick in hostile attacks against election systems across the globe, with the rise of the internet, anonymous hackers, nonstate actors, and foreign intelligence operatives, as they rise as formidable and dangerous adversaries. Our elections are the bedrock of our democracy. If our voting infrastructure is compromised or attacked, the entire integrity of our electoral system could come into question. This was especially clear following Russia s interference in the 2016 election, and it is almost certain that nefarious actors will continue their deliberate attempts to attack our elections or put in doubt the outcome of those elections. During this time, it is critical that the U.S. election officials have accurate and up-to-date information about where our election security systems are most vulnerable. This amendment pushes back against foreign attempts to interfere in our electoral process and helps identify any potential threats that may exist. This amendment would use the invaluable expertise of public servants in the intelligence community and Department of Homeland Security to strengthen the security of Federal and State election systems. My amendment would require a Federal assessment of the scope of potential threats to the security of America s election system, including cyber, terror, and state actor threats. This assessment would happen 180 days prior to every general election to allow the States the opportunity to respond and strengthen their voting system. Additionally, this legislation would direct the Director of National Intelligence and DHS to update Federal and State officials on possible vulnerabilities and to provide assessments on how best to stop these threats. As a former CIA case officer, I greatly appreciate the objective and nonpartisan work of the national security and intelligence communities. With their help, we can fight back against foreign interference, we can safeguard our elections. The dedicated men and women of our national security agencies and of our intelligence agencies have demonstrated their ability to collect information on foreign actors  intentions and provide election security assessments that are intellectually rigorous, objective, timely, and useful to the States they would provide them to. As we are having an important discussion about safeguarding the integrity of the vote, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to H.R. 1. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. As a co-chair of the New Democrat Coalition s National Security Task Force and as a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I rise to express my serious concern over the continued high-level vacancies across the State Department. U.S. Foreign Service officers work to promote U.S. interests, values, and economic interests abroad, and these dedicated public servants keep American families safe. But their mission could be jeopardized by persistent vacancies in the Foreign Service and senior leadership positions. According to a report from the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office, 13 percent of Foreign Service positions were vacant as of March 2018. At a time when we are engaged in constant competition with powerful adversaries, our service members remain engaged in seemingly endless conflicts, and we face the threat of terrorism, these staffing shortages are deeply concerning. Our transfer amendment urges the State Department to make every effort to fill critical positions and encourages the GAO to expand its study to consider the impact of vacancies in career and political-appointed positions on U.S. foreign policy, diplomacy, aid, and national security priorities. rise in support of my commonsense broadband mapping amendment to H.R. 1644, the Save the Internet Act of 2019. The digital gap between our rural and urban communities is real, and I hear about it from the people I serve every day. According to the FCC s 2018 Broadband Deployment Report, more than 30 percent of rural Americans lack access to high-speed fixed broadband, compared to only 2 percent of urban Americans. This disparity has long-term implications for the economic strength and security of our country. In rural America, a lack of reliable broadband internet makes it harder for businesses to find customers and attract new employees. Without reliable broadband internet, communities across this country face challenges attracting new businesses and investment. In rural America, farmers have a tougher time using the latest precision agriculture technology, and in places without reliable broadband internet, kids find it difficult to complete their homework assignments. In our district in central Virginia, farmers and producers are disadvantaged because the lack of broadband makes doing business harder. In our district, constituents drive their kids to McDonald s or to neighboring counties so that they can complete their research projects for school. And what is happening in our district is happening nationwide. Today, we are considering a critical piece of legislation to champion the idea of a free and open internet. There is no question that rural broadband internet access should be a part of this conversation, as this bill would also include a provision to restore the FCC s authority to fund the expansion of broadband access across our rural communities. But right now, there are many questions surrounding the accuracy of the FCC s broadband internet maps, which detail which areas in the United States have highspeed internet coverage and which do not. These maps have important implications for our rural communities, schools, and businesses. These maps are used to award funding and subsidies to expand broadband coverage to areas that don t have it, and, in many cases, these efforts have led to great success. However, these maps have been found to be inaccurate, incomplete, or unreliable. Often a map will claim an entire area is covered by high-speed broadband when, in reality, only a small portion of that area has reliable coverage. This trend should not be the status quo in our digital age because it leaves so many rural families underserved. Areas where the FCC s maps incorrectly say there is high-speed rural broadband connectivity are often ineligible for funding to expand broadband, and these inaccuracies greatly disadvantage our rural communities. Erroneous information in these maps could be the difference between a senior citizen being able to access lifesaving telemedicine services or not; it could be the difference between a farmer who can keep up with market fluctuations halfway across the world or not; and it could control the ability of a young, aspiring student to access online information, college applications, and research materials. My amendment to the Save the Internet Act would address a lack of reliable broadband internet connectivity in our rural communities, and it would begin to fix the errors in our current broadband maps. My amendment would require the Government Accountability Office to produce a full report that examines the accuracy and quality of the FCC s broadband mapping. This report would also identify what the FCC should do to produce more accurate, reliable, and high-quality maps. Additionally, the GAO report required by my amendment would help identify the scope of the broadband mapping problem and actually suggest solutions. With this new information, the FCC would be better able to update its maps so that we can properly target our broadband expansion efforts to the rural towns, townships, and communities across our district. Better maps of broadband coverage are a critical first step toward getting high-speed internet to every household, something we should aim to do in our globalized, digitally-focused economy. As we are having important discussions about protecting and expanding reliable access to the internet, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to H.R. 1644. Today the House is discussing and debating how we can safeguard the integrity of our elections, the bedrock of our democracy. How do we protect our electoral systems from foreign threats? And how do we prevent foreign influence over our electorate? As we stand here today, the number of countries engaged in active campaigns to mislead the electorate, the American people continues to grow. According to a new report from the University of Oxford, the number of countries engaged in disinformation campaigns has more than doubled in the last 2 years. Additionally, at least seven countries have used their intelligence or military apparatuses to deploy disinformation on social media to influence a foreign country and its people. As a former intelligence officer, I recognize the risks that these potential attacks, yes, attacks, pose as we head into the next year s Federal, State, and local elections. There is a legitimate fear across our intelligence community that foreign governments will build on Russia s extensive information warfare strategy. Foreign actors from Russia to China to North Korea to Iran are eager to undermine the foundations of our democracy. Leading up to the 2016 Presidential election Facebook disclosed that it had found more than $100,000 worth of ads on divisive issues purchased by a Russian company linked to the Kremlin, and the potential return on investment is extremely high. As we approach 2020, they have every reason to follow this playbook again and to strengthen their disinformation operations. In the context of these threats, we need to take a serious look at how we build resiliency against foreign interference on social media platforms. Digital advertising can be a far less expense and time intensive as a tool for propaganda, and it can spread disinformation, confusion, hate, and division at an alarming rate. The SHIELD Act takes real steps to require large online platforms to keep records of qualified political advertisements, and I would like to thank my colleagues for their hard work on this critical issue. The SHIELD Act would require online companies to keep publicly available records about online digital political advertisements. It would require information about the contents of a specific advertisement, its target audience, and the issue it addresses. Additionally, it would require disclosure information about those purchasing the advertisement. Disclosure sheds light on corruption. It unmasks influence. And it stops our democracy from becoming vulnerable to foreign governments, nonstate actors, and shadowy influence groups constantly working to distract and mislead the American people. My amendment would strengthen this disclosure requirement. My amendment would add that online platforms need to include a statement when the person purchasing a political advertisement is acting as the agent of a foreign principal. Not only would it include language making it clear that they are acting on behalf of a foreign entity, but it would require the online platform to identify the foreign principal involved. That principal could be a foreign government, a foreign political party or a nonstate actor. Fundamentally, my amendment to the SHIELD Act would put the power back in the hands of the American people. It would help address a critical underlying question, who is in charge of deciding American elections? Is it those abroad, working to divide and influence the American people? Or is it the American people themselves? By requiring online records of purchase requests that include public information on the foreign principal behind these advertisements, the American people will be able to see clearly who is attempting to influence their decisions. As Congress acts today to restore the trust of those we serve in our system of government, my amendment would strengthen our efforts to prevent the spread of foreign influence in our democratic system. the purpose of this amendment is, in fact, to ensure that the American people are aware when an agent of a foreign principal under FARA parameters purchases a political advertisement. We, as Members of Congress, have the ability to set the parameters under which the transparency and information is available to the American public. And in doing so, we need to make sure that not only do the American people know when there is a foreign individual purchasing advertisements meant to influence them, but when someone else is purchasing those advertisements on behalf of a foreign entity as described by FARA. As a CIA case officer, I used to meet with foreign nationals who were providing vital intelligence to help inform our hardest national security decisions and keep our country safe. These individuals, from countries where leaders abused their power and defied the rule of law, risked imprisonment and often their very lives in order to provide the United States with information to help us, to inform us. But why? It was their belief in the United States, their belief in our country, the longest-standing democracy in the world; our country, a beacon of hope in the world, a democratic republic founded on a document and the belief in the rule of law and a belief in its people. Today, I am proud to serve in the people s House, representing my hometown and again serving our country, that beacon of hope in the world. And today, especially today, I reflect on the founding documents that have set us apart in the world, leading people across generations and across the world to risk everything because of their belief in our great Nation. Today, especially today, I affirm my commitment to upholding and protecting the Constitution, the rule of law it defines, and the people it governs.",dim1,CR,-0.188,0.338
griffith,"In committee, I raised issues of unconstitutional takings in H.R. 3. Ninety-five percent of gross revenues are taken from a manufacturer unless they agree to the price the government offers. It is not negotiation. It is an offer you can t refuse. It is confiscatory. Accordingly, it is unconstitutional. But you don t have to believe me. The nonpartisan Congressional Research Service says H.R. 3 likely violates the Fifth and Eighth Amendments of the United States Constitution. Mr. Chair, I took an oath to support the United States Constitution when I entered this body. To support the Constitution, you must vote   no   on H.R. 3. To fix drug pricing, you should vote   yes   on the Walden amendment in the nature of a substitute. you know what is interesting about this is, I do represent a coal district, but if we shut down all of this, as we have discussed in the Green New Deal, are the Indians going to stop using coal? Of course not. Are the Chinese going to stop using coal? The rest of the world will continue to use these sources. And, in fact, industries that are dependent upon our natural resources  coal, oil, natural gas well, they will just move to the countries that will let them use it, and it will not have any effect on the environment. But this really is not a proposal that should be taken seriously. It was clearly thrown together quickly in an attempt to get some press; and, unfortunately, 100 Members of the body decided to sign on to it. But when you read it, you know it is not there. We have heard all the things that could happen if we take a watereddown version of the Green New Deal. But if we pass the Green New Deal and we actually do what it says, and you read the words, it says, remove greenhouse gases from the atmosphere. It doesn t say, reduce. It doesn t say, remove hazardous greenhouse gases. So, I would ask my friend who holds a degree in the science field, and with whom we have lots of discussion about science on the floor and at various meetings; what happens if we eliminate the greenhouse gases of water vapor and carbon dioxide; eliminate them, remove them, as the Green New Deal calls for? and if you eliminate carbon dioxide the gentleman is correct we won t have any plants. If we don t have any plants, oxygen plummets in the atmosphere. And as I told a group of high school students recently, and you know what that means for us? And all, if not most, life forms that currently rely on either carbon dioxide or oxygen will die and all that will be left are the life forms, the microbial life forms that live near hot vents in the ocean or the edges of volcanoes, because they don t rely on that. The rest of life would be wiped out. Now, I know that is not what the Democrats meant when they introduced this, but isn t that the scientific conclusion of removing greenhouse gases from the atmosphere; not reducing, removing? Isn t that correct? while I know they weren t thinking about it or they probably didn t mean to go that far, it shows you that even if we modified it, it won t work for the people. Jobs would be eliminated, jobs will be cut, and we really won t have any impact on the environment unless we go the full bore, in which case, we no longer have air to breathe and we won t have to worry about the global temperature in 20 years or 30 years or 40 years, because none of us will be here. And it is just fascinating to me how they can get the science so messed up and, yet, lecture to us about the science. We hope science will solve these problems, and that is why we need to have more research and development on all of this. Instead of saying, stop everything, we need to do research and development. But isn t there also a problem today with solar and some of the larger solar arrays that they actually fry birds as they fly; whether it be large birds or small birds? Because the birds don t see the heat, and they fly into it, and they are fried to a crackly crunch. I appreciate the gentleman bringing that up today, because what we want to do is have a balanced approach. We want renewables. We want all of the above. But we also have to make sure that we are not throwing the baby out with the bathwater, and in the end, killing off our large predator birds or killing birds with technologies that are not quite ready for prime time. peaker. Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I didn t mention that we are working on some technology right now that allows us to extract rare earth minerals out of some of our coal deposits to the United States and be able to take some of that business away from the Chinese and bring it back to the United States I just have to bring this up: I was meeting with some folks at Virginia Tech recently who are working on this very area. And as a part of the spinoff of the research and the technology they are doing to refine it and to try to get the other minerals out, they have also found a way of using that same technology to improve the steel industry. And they are now licensing some steel companies in India, which would lower their carbon footprint. So we have the research into coal that is now going to help the steel industry in an area that doesn t have anywhere near the regulations we have to lower their carbon footprint. This is the way we should be going in the United States: Use our entrepreneurial spirit; use our research; put some Federal money behind that research, but use our research to find ways to make the environment, worldwide, better instead of proclaiming broad edicts that we are not going to have cows in 10 years, or we are not going to do this in 10 years. Instead, let s let our research and our entrepreneurial spirit and our ingenuity solve these problems for us and the world.   Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passions, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence.   John Adams made that statement almost 250 years ago. I recall his words , in arguing against more funding for security at the southern border, claimed that President Trump was   manufacturing a crisis.   The facts on the border establish that a crisis exists. According to the Department of Homeland Security data, 161,000 family units arrived in fiscal year 2018, an increase of 50 percent, and 60,000 unaccompanied children arrived in the same time period, an increase of 25 percent. Asylum claims have surged an astounding 2,000 percent in the past 5 years, although most of these claims will be found invalid later, after judicial review. These surging numbers are overwhelming our resources on the border and creating a humanitarian, security, and legal crisis. The Mexican side of the border is often controlled by Mexican criminal cartels or gangs. They charge a fee to assist border crossings. To get here, many illegal immigrants put themselves in the hands of these vicious smuggling gangs, which are looking for profit and are uninterested in basic human dignity. On the dangerous journey to the border, 7 out of 10 migrants suffer from violence, and 31 percent of women and 17 percent of men are sexually assaulted. Too often, the fees these gangs charge are indentured servitude in the sex trade. Porous borders only encourage more business for the criminal gangs who commit these abuses. Further, more than people are being brought across the border, as you have heard. Increased amounts of illicit substances are entering as well. Meth, trafficked across the border by these cartels into places across the country, including my district in southwest Virginia, increased by 38 percent from fiscal year 2017 to fiscal year 2018. That same period saw a 22 percent increase in heroin and an astonishing 73 percent increase in fentanyl. Even when current security measures intercept people crossing the border illegally, there isn t enough room in facilities to detain these individuals until a judicial hearing can be held. Accordingly, most illegal immigrants are released with notice to appear at a hearing in the future. By the time of the hearing, they have either disappeared back into the clutches of the cartels or into the underground economy. In my opinion, these facts classify the situation on the southern border as a crisis. President Trump has asked for $5.7 billion to build a barrier on the southern border, and additional funding for personnel. What is more, he is willing to negotiate with the Democrats in the House and in the Senate. Congressional Republicans are also ready to compromise. In contrast, Democrat leaders refuse to budge. They say they will give no money for a wall. Speaker PELOSI even called a wall immoral. Her views on a barrier s immorality may come as a surprise to many on her side of the aisle. When Congress voted on the Secure Fence Act, which provided for 700 miles of fencing in 2006, it received the support of 64 Democrats in the House and 26 in the Senate, including CHUCK SCHUMER, now the Senate Democrat leader, and then-Senators Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. Instead, she appears afraid to get to yes on a deal with the President. Speaker PELOSI appears to be afraid to get to that deal. Another objection she has raised to the wall is that illegal drugs and other smuggled goods also come through our legal ports of entry rather than across the border. President Trump responded by including an additional $675 million to combat smuggling at the ports of entry. Further, Democrats say the government should be reopened before they can come to the table. But when debating immigration last summer, the House Democrats never offered a compromise on a wall. When debating spending bills this fall, House Democrats never offered to compromise on a wall. For 30 years, the American people have been promised a barrier on the southern border. Particularly for the last 4 months when the government was, in fact, open, the last 4 months of 2018, House Democrats didn t offer a solution. Why should anyone believe now that, if the government is reopened, they will suddenly find a way to compromise? Reaching a compromise is difficult when one side doesn t admit there is a problem. A porous border has caused a crisis. I urge Speaker PELOSI to come to the table. Let s talk about ways to secure the border, protect the American people, end the humanitarian crisis, Where it makes it much harder for the border patrol agents, we heard, to track them down. So where there is a wall, even if they get over it somehow, it slows them down. The border patrol folks can then spot them, using some of that electronic equipment we have talked about, maybe using their pony patrols, you know, where they are out on horseback, but they can then have a better chance of catching a substantial number of these folks. But where you don t have that wall/ fence barrier, and you just have a rope or a little fence in fact, I know a picture was taken of it, too we saw a rancher, who may not want his picture out there but we saw a rancher who has to be in his seventies, and probably is in his eighties, who had climbed under the fence to show that even he, in his advanced age, could get under the fence. It was just remarkable. I mean, did you have the same reaction I did that this was just outrageous, and that, clearly, we just have a line that demarks it, so that if you are law-abiding, you know that is where to stop. But the people we are dealing with are not law-abiders, are they, sir? I would say to the gentleman that one of the things that really struck me that I probably didn t know or hadn t heard stories of a lot of this was just confirming what I believed might be going on and bringing it visually home. But one of the things that I was astounded with was the residents in the area who were talking about it we had a number of residents we met with  that the drug runners are bringing the drugs in, sometimes they are just dropping them off at a GPS site, sometimes they are handing them off and getting cash and bringing the cash back, but they also were looters. So all those properties along the border have to worry about home invasions and burglaries and thieving; because there is nothing to stop them, whatever they can carry, they are carrying out and carrying south as well. You know, if it was folks, that would be one issue and I understand that issue is a big part of it but if it was just folks coming north to look for a better way of life, that would be one thing. But a huge number of these people are coming north with methamphetamine that comes into my district, and probably into Mr. GOHMERT s as well, with fentanyl, with heroin, and with marijuana, and they are coming in with that. They are taking the cash and anything they can steal back with them. And so it is a two-way street, so to speak. We have got illegal commerce going both ways through a rope as our defense for our country, a mere rope, an inch of cotton thread. I mean, we heard from so many people, and the ones who had lost loved ones really just wanted to try to make a difference. They just wanted to make a difference to make their communities safer, to make it safer for everybody. They are not going to bring back their family member, but they want to make the whole area safer. They believe that it is a crisis. Every one of them believed it was a crisis. One night, we were having dinner, and a lady who didn t know we were from the United States Congress walked over because she recognized one of the local officials and said we have to do something on the border spontaneously. We are just in town having dinner. she had no idea who we were until she walked over and said that and then was invited to address us: Well, you have some Members of the United States Congress here. Why don t you tell them what you think we need to do? There wasn t any question. These folks who live right down there on the border, they believe that the wall, fence, whatever you want to call that structure there in your picture, they believe that that helps, that it is not the whole equation, but that it is a big help and that we have to do it. They were very encouraging to us, to a person, to continue to work hard to try to secure that border, to stop this humanitarian crisis, to stop our security crisis, to stop the environmental crisis. That one person was adamant that this is devastating. He was an environmentalist person who really was very, very concerned about what had happened to the ecology in his area and to the environment. He attributes that directly to the flood of not a handful of people, but tens of thousands coming across. One of the ranchers that we talked to, their ranch is looking at 10,000 or more people coming across there every year. We are not talking about a trickle. We are talking about a flood. We are talking about a crisis. in listening to the gentleman s remarks, of course I was there and saw this rope as well, but I think the folks back home need to be aware of this rope. We are not talking about some massive rope. We are talking about what? an inch, half-inch, quarter-inch rope? was it not accurate that you could actually roll back part of the barbed wire fence once you took the rope off and you could have multiple people coming through at any given moment? the reason that illegal immigrants or drug cartels would like it that way is that they can roll that back and, wearing their carpeted shoes which prevent tracking, they can then come in there, put it back, and that way the border agents who are working that area won t have any idea that somebody has actually come through there because they can t really tell. There is a wellworn track, but you won t know when somebody has come through. in fact, there, they had a road as well, which our border agents told us was very helpful. When you have a wall, you have a road next to it to help catch those folks who are trying to come through. But they had a device up, also, made of heavy metal and concrete to prevent the drug traffickers from using vehicles at that point and bringing their stuff in and just loading it onto a vehicle The government shutdown is now over, but the crisis continues on the border. About 10 days ago, I was down on the border, and I saw firsthand what was happening down there and talked to people who were down there. So, hopefully, during this time period, because the Democrats said repeatedly that if we reopen the government they would negotiate, hopefully we can negotiate and come to a bipartisan resolution that will help us to secure our southern border and continue to work on other ways that we can improve our immigration process Part of what happened was that they danced through a lot of different hoops to try to make sure that they didn t have to have it be a treaty. If they could at least make the argument that it was not a treaty, because they knew they couldn t get Senate confirmation. And, in fact, the Democrat champion, Senator Pell, who was the chairman at the time of the appropriate committee, actually put in their committee report that should there later be a conference and they were talking about the original conference that we had entered into, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, which this is not an extension of  many people say it is, but they had to adopt all new rules and all new aspects, because they knew they couldn t just add this on to the original one. But Senator Pell says,   The committee notes that a decision by the conference of the parties   referencing the U.N. commission   to adopt targets and timetables would have to be submitted to the Senate for its advice and consent before the United States could deposit its instruments of ratification for such an agreement.   Now, the Paris accord, the Paris treaty, ostensibly says that there are targets and timetables. But even the Democrats recognized in 1992 that if you were to put in targets and timetables, you had to have that document submitted to the Senate for its advice and consent. So, a decision by the conference to adopt targets and timetables would have to be submitted to the Senate for its advice and consent before the United States could deposit its instruments of ratification for such an agreement. Clearly, they anticipated that someday there might be timetables and targets and they wanted to make sure that everybody knew that in 1992, just because we joined that conference, did not mean that we had agreed to later being bound to timetables and targets. Now, we are doing very well on those timetables and targets without having announced we are leaving. And even if we are not a member of the Paris accord, agreement, treaty, whatever you end up calling it, we are doing very well at reducing our carbon footprint. The Chinese are producing about twice as much carbon dioxide as we are today. They have the number two economy and we have the number one economy per job, and from a production standpoint we are doing a lot better. They are not even bound until 2030 under this so-called treaty agreement. But it is very clear that in order to bind us to anything, it had to be approved by the Senate and it has not been approved by the Senate. So, what we are arguing about, in essence, is merely a political point for the people on the other side of the aisle, because these targets, as they currently exist without ratification from the Senate, are merely suggestions. We are doing what we can in a reasonable way. We need to do more on research so that we can continue to have the jobs and have the wealth and be the number one economic nation and continue to reduce our carbon footprint. Now, I ve got to tell you, I get a little amazed sometimes at some of these folks, because the World Bank decided they weren t going to invest in any more coal-fired power plants now I know I am going off subject, but let me run. The World Bank decided they weren t going to invest in any more coal-fired power plants. The top ten donors to the World Bank include nine western countries and Japan. So, basically, the west and Japan decided that they were not going to invest in those things. So guess who is investing? You can guess. It is China. And Russia is probably doing some, too. But China is heavily out there. And they are getting a two-for because the developing world, particularly sub-Saharan Africa, want to have power and energy for their people, because they want their people to not live in the dark and have electricity. They want their people to have jobs. They know that in order to have better jobs, they have got to have electricity in their country across the board, not just in the big cities. They have got to have a source of power, and they have coal. For them, that is their most affordable source. So what the Chinese are doing, they are basically laughing at us. We are going to agree to these timetables that haven t been ratified by the Senate and these targets, while they get to continue increasing. Even though they are the number two economy in the world, they are going to continue to increase their carbon footprint, and they are going to build coal-fired power plants in sub-Saharan Africa for which they get a lot of goodwill in the foreign affairs and foreign relations department. But wait, there is more. In many of these cases I can t say all, but the ones I have read about  they are, for a fee, going to run those coal-fired power plants for the nations that they are building them in. So not only are they going to build goodwill and good relations around the world using coal in contravention of these goals set forth in the Paris accord, but they are going to make a profit at it, as well. Well, your amendment would certainly do that, and I will support that amendment. While I can t support the underlying bill, I can support that amendment because that does make the underlying bill better. If we are going to bind our hands and seal our fate to be the number two or number three or number five economy in the world, instead of being the number one economy in the world, if that is what we are going to do, then there ought to be votes taken down the hall. Men and women in the United States Senate should put their name on the line and say yes or no. The American people then will know who has voted yes and who has voted no. They won t be hiding behind any games or circumstances or procedural maneuvers. Then the American people can use the power that was given to them by our Constitution and an inalienable right granted by God to use the ballot box to make a decision as to whether or not they wanted to be bound, whether or not they wanted to have their economy reduced, and have their children and grandchildren to be lesser than what we have today in our economic wealth It is that simple. You shouldn t hide behind games or trickery to say, well, this is not really a treaty that has to go to the Senate because the targets are merely aspirational. If they are merely aspirational, why are we spending billions of dollars on it and why are we participating at all, which I think was the President s point. Why would we spend billions of dollars to send to countries, some of whom might actually be kleptocracies, and the money is never getting to where it is supposed to go? Why would we spend billions of dollars on something that we know is not going to be effective? Let s spend our billions of dollars on research and find new technologies. You may have heard me tell the story, because it has been my favorite story the last couple of weeks, but I have a professor at Virginia Tech who has been working on technology to separate coal from rare Earth minerals. But there is a side effect. It also can make poor coal better coal. And they are selling that technology. Now they are licensing a company in India for two steel mills steel, for those who don t speak southwest Virginian, steel mills and they are licensing them to use this technology, so they can take Indian coal and make it better and then reduce their carbon footprint and still produce the steel. The Indians aren t going to say they are not going to use the coal and we are not going to produce steel. They want what everybody wants. They want a better economy. They want jobs. They want those people in their country and I understand there are hundreds of millions who don t have electricity to have electricity in their homes. Like everybody else, they want clean air and clean water, too. But it is not going to happen by an edict of the Paris accord. It is going to happen by research that makes sense and that economically says you can have the steel to build new factories, to build new cities, to build new things in your country to make your country better, wherever you are: sub-Saharan Africa, Asia, Europe, America, South America, North America, wherever you are. But you can do it better and you can do it cleaner and you can do it where it is cost effective. That is what we have to focus on, not arbitrary, capricious goals set with different countries having different standards. As an American, as U.S. citizens, we have a higher target, and there is no target for the Chinese. , what is exciting for the American people, what is exciting for me, I would say to the gentleman, is that we have just mentioned a couple of areas where technology is working, making things better, and reducing our carbon footprint. In our universities and our think tanks across the country, there are hundreds and thousands of ideas percolating out there that can help us move forward. You may not agree with me on this, but I think we can spend more money from the Federal Government on research to find better ways to use fossil fuels. Wave energy, wind, solar, whatever it is, we need to be leading on the research end of this. If we think we are going to eliminate fossil fuels, Mr. Speaker, we are mistaken, because the world is going to continue to use fossil fuels. If you say to a developing economy that they have to rely on wind, they are going to know that you are full of hot wind. Mr. GOSAR. That is right. Mr. GRIFFITH. If you say to them, however, that we are going to try to do all of the above, so we are going to help you burn the coal you have; we are going to help you find the fuels that work for you, but we want to try to help you do it in a cleaner fashion; and we want to make that coal a little bit better, to make that oil a little bit better, to make it burn hotter, to make it burn more efficiently, that is how you lower your carbon footprint. I like what the gentleman from Utah had to talk about in grazing on our Federal lands. If we started using different techniques, we can absorb a lot of carbon. We should probably spend some research money to find out if those crops and those plants that can be utilized to suck up more carbon can maybe produce other products as well. These are things that we need to do, instead of saying we are not going to use any of this in the future because we might do that to the detriment of our jobs here in the United States. We are going to shift those jobs to other countries where they will use dirtier coal, dirtier oil, dirtier techniques for burning fossil fuels to produce the products that we then buy back, making them the richer nations in the world and we the lesser. When I am on my deathbed, I want to be able to look my kids in the eye  hopefully, I will have grandkids some day and say: You know what? We kept the United States of America number one in the economic situation, and we looked out for the planet at the same time. It can be done, but it can t be done if all you say is, no, we are not going to look at fossil fuels. it absolutely is a better approach. It really does bother me that we are just handing cash over to these countries. As you said, they don t have transparency. Some of them are known to have corrupt governments, which means that at least a portion of that money is probably ending up in the pockets of the rulers  friends, neighbors, and cousins. If we are going to spend the money, let s go in and spend the money on something that will make a difference for the folks in those countries. I am not saying as the richest nation in the world that we don t have a responsibility, but let s make sure that we don t cripple ourselves in the process. Let s make sure that if we are going to spend the money, which I am okay with spending some of it, that we make sure it is going to projects that will improve the environment in those countries and help lower the carbon footprint in those respective nations. They are not going to sit back and have their people be impoverished just because a group of Western nations got together or a group of nations got together that already have some money and said: You stop using fossil fuels so that the world won t get warmer. They may be concerned about that, and I think they probably are, but they are not going to impoverish their people to target 1.5 degrees centigrade. If we can show them a way to get more wealth for their people, to bring electricity to all regions of their countries, and to lower their carbon footprint, they are all in. That is where we can lead. We don t have to spend money by just handing cash to potentates around the world. We can spend that money on research right here in our own colleges, in our own universities, in our own think tanks with people. Some of them will fail, but some of them will come up with new technology. Like when looking for a way to separate rare earth from coal and they figure out a way to lower the carbon footprint at steel mills in India, those kinds of things happen when you are looking for answers to problems instead of looking for problems.  I have learned from Democrat press conferences and Washington Post leaks that this body has an ongoing so-called impeachment inquiry. But can I, as a Member of Congress, watch the testimony? No. Can you watch the testimony at home so you can decide for yourself? No. Why are the hearings taking place in the basement behind guarded doors? What do they want to keep from me? What do they want to keep from you, Madam Speaker, either hearing or seeing? I don t know, but Speaker NANCY PELOSI knows, and you can call her and ask her why at 202 225 4965. Ask her what she has to hide, at 202 225 4965. Ask her why you can t watch the hearing, at 202 225 4965. The American people deserve the answers. Call 202 225 4965. rise today in support of H.R. 4812, the Ensuring Compliance Against Drug Diversion Act. This is a small but very important step that could play a key role in helping contain the opioid epidemic. License to distribute opioids is not a commodity to be freely bought and sold. Those who wish to distribute opioids must earn the ability to do so. An investigation performed by the Energy and Commerce Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee found that the current process of transferring controlled substance dispensation licenses does not create sufficient accountability. In the one instance you heard about before, a distributor and its pharmacy customer did not go through the appropriate process of transferring registration to a new pharmacy owner, but the mistake wasn t caught until long afterward. As a result, there was a period of time during which the DEA was unaware that particular pharmacy was distributing controlled substances. Now, in this case, as best I understand it, there was not a rogue individual, it was just a matter of an oversight. But what we are trying to do with this bill today is to make sure that in the future we don t have some rogue individual that comes in and buys somebody else s business or their license or their registration and doesn t go back to the DEA to get proper registration. Failing to appropriately contact the DEA and verify whether the agency approved a transfer creates a serious risk of drug diversion, and this bill amends the Controlled Substances Act to prohibit that transfer of any DEA registration without written consent from the agency. By requiring written approval from the DEA before the transfer of registration occurs, we decrease the risk of drug diversion by keeping controlled substances out of the hands of people that have not been vetted by the appropriate regulatory authorities. Madam Speaker, that is the purpose of the bill. I appreciate everyone s support on it. I appreciate that this bill has made it to this level. You know, Congress doesn t always work well, but sometimes it does. ANDY HARRIS and I were back here, about where he is sitting right now, having a discussion one day, because a lot of times, things get solved or issues come to a head because we are trying to solve problems for the American people. I believe that there are many uses for medicinal marijuana. I don t support recreational use, but I support medicinal use. ANDY thinks that it goes way too far, as you heard him just say. But the bottom line is, as we were discussing it, neither one of us could cite scientific research to support our positions. So, we agreed at that point that we would work together on our side of the aisle. And obviously, the gentleman from Oregon has been leading on this for many, many years, and he was going to lead on the other side. We agreed we would try to find language that worked. We have tried some backdoor routes to get it through some Energy and Commerce bills before, schedule 1R to do research. But this is extremely important. And you are either for medicinal marijuana or against medicinal marijuana, but you can t make an argument either way without the proper research. This fine piece of legislation that was hammered out over a couple of years, maybe as many as 5 years, is a good piece of legislation, and it deserves the unanimous support of this United States House. I recommend it to each and every one of you. That being said, I would like to take another minute to speak about my relationship with my Ranking Member WALDEN, who is leaving us. It is with regret on my part that he is leaving. He has a life to lead, and that is what people sometimes forget about Members of Congress. There is life after Congress, and he is going to do some interesting things. I am anxious to learn what they are. He says he is anxious to learn what they are, too. But he has so much talent. He has led our committee and then our side of the aisle on the committee so well, and has allowed those of us who are a little different sometimes to have some interesting ideas, to have those ideas bubble up, to take some interesting votes sometimes in committee, to allow Members down dais to have significant input. I am greatly appreciative of that. I am also appreciative of his friendship and loyalty. I remember when we discovered that his longtime friend Ray Baum had a fatal disease, how he stuck with him, how Ray kept coming to work and was doing things all the way through, and then how he passed an important piece of legislation which commemorated all of Ray Baum s work. The bill has Ray Baum s name on it, as it should, but it was a tribute from his friend, and I respect that type of friendship. I appreciate it very much. I will always hold you in high regard. If I can do anything to be of assistance in the future, I will gladly do so We can put the proxy quorum rule on hold. We can suspend it until the courts can make a final ruling on its constitutionality. Once we have that answer, we can then move forward. But to move forward without knowing where we are going on constitutionality is dangerous, damaging, and destructive to every act we take in this body. Madam Speaker, I would implore the Members of this House: Do not vote the party line. Do not say,   Oh, it is a previous question, it is a throwaway vote.   Today, the previous question is an important vote on whether we move forward not knowing the way or whether we move forward knowing whether it is constitutional or unconstitutional. I ask you all to vote for our great Republic and this august body. Vote   no   on the previous question and put the proxy quorum rule on hold until we have a definitive answer. I would reiterate and thank the gentleman for his kind comments. He is absolutely right. I come here today not as a Republican or a Democrat. I come here as an American, and I have no agenda today except to defend the Constitution. And while the courts may ultimately determine that my friends on the other side of the aisle are right, I believe they are sorely wrong, Madam Speaker. Sorely wrong. Because we are not just talking about voting from afar, and while I would have problems with that as well, I will tell you it is more critical than that because the Constitution calls on us to meet, to assemble, and to have a quorum. The Founding Fathers debated whether or not that quorum should be a smaller-than-50-percent amount. And they determined that was not right because then it would tilt power into the hands of those that live closer to the Capitol, like Mr. BEYER, who apparently is carrying at least nine proxies. It tilts powers into those people s hands and away from the States that are further away, like Colorado and California. Madam Speaker, I would submit to you that there is a reason that in 231 years this has never come up, even though they could have written a letter. As I said before, they could have easily written a letter. They could have written a letter, and said: Hey, I can t get there right now, give my vote to my friend. They didn t do it. They could have said: Hey, for purposes of a quorum, count me from afar by letter. They knew how to write. Messages were traded all the time. But, instead, they went to wherever the Capitol was at the time, whether it be in Philadelphia, whether it be in Washington, D.C., at a hotel, and they did the people s business. They did not cede that authority to anyone else. They kept it for themselves. And that is what the Constitution calls for. And you know what, as I said before, they never did it. They never thought they should. They never thought they could. Madam Speaker, I have to tell you, we go all the way back to the Declaration of Independence, and Caesar Rodney got on his horse while deathly ill with cancer, suffering from asthma and the gout, to ride to Philadelphia to cast the deciding vote for his State of Delaware because he needed to be there live in order to do it. He needed to be at the Capitol. He needed to be at the meeting place of this country, even in its infancy, to cast the vote, no matter what. And he rode through a storm. And so we continue to have the policy because it was the Founding Fathers  wish, and because it is the right thing to do that if you are going to count as a quorum, you meet in the Capitol. You may designate a different place for that Capitol. We might designate it in Colorado, if need be. But wherever the Capitol is designated, this body must come together, representing the people from the various States of this Union. And, we, each individual, shall cast our vote, not 10 votes here by one and 8 votes there by another, but one by one, each district as determined in the decennial census shall cast their vote on each and every measure. When we don t do that, we don t do our job. When we don t do our job, we cast a doubt on every action we take. once a resolution passes the House, it goes to the Senate. Once all action is done, the Speaker is a mere functionary in transmitting the will of the House to the Senate. It has been 21 calendar days, 12 working days, and 7 legislative days since the impeachment resolution was passed by this House. Since the resolution has not yet been delivered to the Senate, clause 8(b)(3)(C) of House rule I says that a vacancy in the Office of the Speaker may exist if the Speaker cannot do her job. She has not done her job. America, I submit a vacancy exists in the Office of the Speaker of the United States House we have heard today several times that we were told this was urgent and that things must move quickly. And yet it has been 26 days since it was passed on the calendar, 15 working days, and 10 legislative days have gone by, and yet the Senate has not yet been informed of the Articles of Impeachment. Now, Madam Speaker, let me get boring. Most politicians won t admit that, but that is what I am going to do because it is important that we understand the process. So what happens is the Articles of Impeachment were passed by the House. We were told later this week that we are going to vote on managers who will then present the Articles of Impeachment at the bar of the Senate. That is their job. That means to prosecute the case. But the annotations to Jefferson s Manual that is Jefferson s Manual of Parliamentary Practice and Procedure, for all of you policy-andprocedure wonks back home we are told in there that the managers who are elected by the House or are appointed by the Speaker in obedience to a resolution of the House take this to the bar of the Senate, the House having previously informed the Senate. Now, the problem is the House has not previously informed the Senate. And what we are going to do now is we are going to say: well, that is okay, but my summary look at the past indicates that the times that these have been separated, the notice to the Senate that impeachment resolutions were coming and the actual sending over of the managers to present the articles at the bar, the longest previously has been 4 days. Here it has been 26 calendar days, 15 working days, and 10 legislative days, and the Speaker of the House indicates to us that this is all fine and normal. Madam Speaker, we should all be concerned, not just because we have what appears to be a trumped up pun not intended impeachment policy by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, but because if the Speaker can hold up H. Res. 755, the Articles of Impeachment, from being sent over to the Senate thus notifying them that managers will be coming to prosecute or present these impeachment articles at the bar of the Senate, then the Speaker can hold up anything the Speaker doesn t want the Senate having. There are 435 Members of the United States House. While I do not agree with the impeachment articles, the House voted on them, and the Senate should have had those promptly. It takes a couple of days to get it through the process where all the i s are dotted and t s are crossed. This Speaker did not do that. It is a dangerous precedent because if H. Res. 755 can be held up, then I submit to you, Madam Speaker, anything can be held up. And if a Speaker suddenly decides that he or she does not agree with the will of this House, can they really stick it in their back pocket? Can they really do a pocket Speaker veto of actions of this House? Nothing of this nature has ever been contemplated, but that is what the actions of Speaker PELOSI tell us she is trying to do or at least tried to do if she didn t get her way in the Senate. It is unconscionable and against the principles of a democratic republic. Be warned, be alert, and pay attention. Let s guard our Republic with every ounce of our energy.",dim1,CR,0.52,-0.365
connolly,"proposed to abolish the Office of Personnel Management altogether and give the White House control of governmentwide Federal employee policies. My simple amendment would prohibit that proposed reorganization from being implemented because, as my subcommittee has uncovered, this proposal lacks merit, justification, or even a coherent rationale. That is the opinion of the Government Accountability Office, not just me. The GAO has testified that OPM s leaders   have not established outcomeoriented goals, developed a cost-benefit analysis or implementation plans, and have not fully involved or communicated their efforts with the Congress, employees, and other key stakeholders.   Both Republicans and Democrats on our subcommittee expressed deep skepticism about the so-called plan. My Republican counterpart in the Senate, Senator JAMES LANKFORD, said,   It s hard to get to a determination of how this makes things better.   I couldn t agree more. OPM s 5,500 employees run programs that serve our Federal Government s 2.7 million active employees. OPM administers, for example, the largest employer-sponsored health insurance program in the world and processes the world s largest retirement program for 2.5 million Federal retirees and their survivors. It provides human services consulting and regulates the implementation of laws essential to our Nation s merit-based civil service, including the Hatch Act, which prohibits Federal employees from using Federal resources for political and campaign purposes. It also provides dental, vision, and medical insurance to 8 million Federal employees and their families. In short, OPM is the agency that serves the people who serve the American people. On May 21, our subcommittee held a hearing that eviscerated the administration s plan to eliminate OPM. I told Acting Director Weichert at that time that the plan was dead on arrival as submitted and that she needed to start over to find a way to work together on a bipartisan basis to rebuild OPM the right way. She said she would, and I took her at her word. Despite these clear messages and continued oversight, Ms. Weichert failed to live up to her end of the agreement. Recently, OPM officials announced their intention to lay off or possibly furlough 150 employees because they could not afford to keep them on the payroll, they claimed. That threat was made in spite of the proposed appropriations levels, which are above what would be needed to fill any budget gap. The administration s inadequate plan to dismantle OPM has been a disaster. After realizing that it cannot prevail on the merits, the administration is now resorting to blackmail. On June 27, our subcommittee held another hearing to question OPM officials on the lack of documents provided to Congress about the plan to eliminate OPM. At that hearing, OPM admitted they have failed to determine whether actions they are already taking to eliminate OPM are even legal. They could not provide the underlying legal guidance justifying their action. The language in this simple amendment largely mirrors language already included in the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2020 already passed by the House last month. We have not seen anything, unfortunately, from the administration to convince us that any part of this plan is a good idea and would make our Federal Government more effective and efficient. In fact, GAO has said that the administration s proposal could further hinder the Federal retirement backlog by creating additional uncertainty. That could make it difficult for OPM to plan large-scale changes in its operations. The Acting Director of OPM and the Deputy Director for Management of OMB was reported as saying that the administration plans   to play chicken with Congress   to effectuate its proposal to eliminate OPM. We must pass this amendment, as we did on the appropriations bill, to send a clear message that threatening Congress is not the way to do business, whether it is with a Republican administration or a Democratic administration. I urge my colleagues to work with us to ensure that Federal employees are treated with respect and are protected through the OPM process I am sad my good friend, who I know shares my concerns, feels the need to oppose an amendment that is designed to prevent a very bad thing from happening that has no rationale, has no supporting documentation, and has threatened Congress with extortion. We will RIF 150 people if you don t do what we want even though you don t quite know what we want  by October 1. No one in this body should tolerate that. This amendment needs to pass, as it did in the appropriations bill. the Merit Systems Protection Board is a small but mighty independent federal agency created by Congress to protect the merit system principles and to promote an effective federal workforce free of prohibited personnel practices. Typically, the Board is led by three presidentially-appointed and Senate confirmed members. However, the term for the last remaining Board member expired on March 1, 2018. That board member already extended his term in a holdover capacity, but was limited by statute to one year extension, meaning the Board has been without even a single Board member since March 2019. The Office of Special Counsel refers cases to the Board when it suspects a federal agency has performed an unfair or adverse action against a federal employee. The Board can then temporarily table the agency action while adjudicating the employee s claim. However, the Board can only table the action or adjudicate it if it has a quorum or two members. As the Board currently sits, there are no confirmed members, and the Board has been without a quorum since January 7, 2017. This means that the Board cannot perform any of these actions to protect federal workers from agency actions that OSC deems suspect. This Amendment would provide urgent, temporary relief to whistleblowers while the Board waits for at least one appointee. My amendment would delegate temporary authority to the Board s general counsel to stay questionable personnel actions brought by agencies against whistleblowers. Under this provision, the Board could still act on egregious cases of suspected retaliation, even without any board members. The general counsel s authority would expire when a single Board member is confirmed by the Senate. This amendment is absolutely necessary to protect federal workers. And, needing this amendment was completely avoidable. Whistleblowers shouldn t be held hostage by the failures of the political system. This amendment would at a minimum keep the lights on for the Board. The general counsel would be authorized to prevent an agency from taking a retaliatory or prohibited personnel action against those who disclose wrongdoing. I held a hearing in February of this year to examine the effects on the Board because of the vacancies of two Board members and the potential ramifications if the final member left his post in March. This hearing followed my attempt to save the Board from going without leadership when the final Board member s term expired. With Chairman Cummings, I introduced legislation to prevent the Board from having no members. H.R. 1235, the MSPB Temporary Term Extension Act, would have provided a one-time, one-year extension to the final Board member s term. This measure passed the House, but the Senate refused to take it up. As a result, in June, I introduced H.R. 2530 to amend Title 5 to give the general counsel temporary stay authority, which the Committee on Oversight and Reform voice voted out of Committee. It is imperative that we preserve the importance and integrity of this vital Board. Passing this amendment means that the Board will be able to resume its work protecting whistleblowers more quickly. There is a lot at stake. The status quo is untenable. Federal employees deserve to have their appeals heard by the Board, and employees of the Board deserve to work at a fully functioning agency. Whistleblowers help hold leaders accountable, and we owe it to them to protect them from retaliation. Addressing this problem should be a bipartisan concern. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment. rise today in support of this en bloc package of amendments to H.R. 2740, which includes my simple amendment that would prohibit funding for International Military Education and Training (IMET) for Saudi Arabia restating a prohibition included in the FY 2019 funding bill. As its name suggests, IMET assistance provides grants to foreign military personnel to access training and education at U.S. military facilities. But this program is also a portal to a major discount on military training that a foreign country purchases from the United States. Traditionally, Saudi Arabia had received a nominal $10,000 in IMET assistance annually but that funding unlocked a discount for Riyadh, enabling the Kingdom to save up to $30 million per year on its purchase of defense services. In the wake of Jamal Khashoggi s murder, rising civilian casualties in Yemen, and increasing oppression of political dissent inside and outside Saudi Arabia, provision of IMET assistance and the significant savings it unlocks to Riyadh is no longer tenable. The United States must take stock of our strategic interests and reexamine our relationship with Saudi Arabia to ensure that U.S. policy is rooted in American values, particularly respect for human rights. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to this bill and ensure that we hold Saudi Arabia accountable for its gross violations of human rights traordinary job. I was listening to my friend from Georgia, and I don t know maybe he forgot what it was like the previous 8 years. In the last Congress in which my friend from Georgia sat on the Rules Committee, we had the most closedrule bills coming to the floor in the history of the Congress. Mr. MCGOVERN has aptly pointed out how many amendments are in this bill. One of the reasons we are here night after night voting on dozens and dozens of amendments is because the Rules Committee got opened up under Mr. MCGOVERN s leadership and his able staff. I congratulate them, and I salute them for opening up the process that my friends on the other side closed down. Madam Speaker, I also wanted to rise in support of this rule and the underlying bill, which would make critical domestic investments in law enforcement, infrastructure, and our Nation s veterans. I particularly want to commend the Appropriations Committee Chairwoman LOWEY and Chairman PRICE for including in this bill a $150 million matching program in capital investment for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, the Nation s capital. This funding is part of a successful Federal-State partnership and has been used for major investments to upgrade Metro. The three Metro jurisdictions  Virginia, Maryland, and Washington, D.C. collectively match this $150 million annual payment with an equal amount of $150 million, for a total of $350 million a year over a 10-year period. Without that continued Federal participation, this funding partnership would, in fact, cease, leaving a massive shortfall in WMATA s capital budget. I look forward to working with the chairwoman of Transportation and Infrastructure, ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON, of Washington, D.C., and my colleagues to advance a long-term and enhanced reauthorization of dedicated funding for WMATA. I have introduced a bill, the METRO Accountability and Investment Act, would do just that and has the full support of every single member of the National Capital Delegation: Maryland, Virginia, and Washington, D.C. This bill uses a carrot-and-stick approach to both invest in the essential transit system as well as to hold the system accountable in providing a more safe, more reliable service. I believe, with those incentives, we can make Metro great again. Madam Speaker, I urge a   yes   on this rule and support the underlying bill as well. And I salute my colleagues for understanding how investments have positive returns on them. se in support of H.R. 840, the Veterans  Access to Child Care Act, which permanently authorizes the Veterans Affairs  (VA) Child Care Program. Absent Congressional action, the VA s Child Care Pilot Program will expire on October 1, 2019. This bill would ensure that all veterans who are primary caretakers have a safe, reliable, and cost-free option for child care when they access VA healthcare. I have previously supported this bill, when the House of Representatives passed H.R. 95 in the 115th Congress The Secret Service do put themselves on the line, and the studies my friend from North Carolina cited had to do with bad management and bad working conditions that really affect morale and productivity at the Secret Service. The gentleman s amendment is designed to try to help that situation. The idea that an across-the-board cost of living increase doesn t distinguish between productivity and nonproductivity, performance or nonperformance, would also apply to the military. My friend has no objection to an across-the-board increase for the military, but apparently on the civilian side, that is different. We are making the opposite argument. We are making the argument that pay parity is the right thing to do, especially after this reckless shutdown. I can t believe that the distinguished ranking member of our committee would continue to engage in conspiracy theories that have been, in fact, disproved and, worse, would actually paint the entire 41,000 or more workforce of the IRS with one brush. They are all, apparently, out to get us. You would never know these are hardworking public servants who serve their country nobly and often under very difficult circumstances, because they are hardly the most popular agency in town. Of course they deserve a pay raise. They were affected by the shutdown. Many of them were called back by the Trump administration to come back without pay because certain industries needed paper being processed. They did it because they are noble public servants and they are patriots, as the distinguished chairman of our committee indicated. So instead of slandering public servants, we want to honor them. You are right. We are proud of this amendment, and it is anything but the most ridiculous to come to the floor. It is a very important amendment. I support it. I rise in strong opposition to the slander we have just heard. I have rarely heard such cynicism on the floor of the House of Representatives. Oh, no. My friends on the other side are right to kind of cabal because there is so much cynicism; but this one takes the cake. We are here to honor the Federal workforce, not slander them with insinuation. To listen to the gentlewoman from Indiana, one might infer that the Federal Government is riddled with people who are guilty of all kinds of nasty, near crimes and offenses, and should not be rewarded for it. I wonder if we would use the same standard ourselves here in the House of Representatives. How many in the last Congress, especially on a particular side of the aisle, have resigned over sexual harassment charges? And that wasn t insinuation, that was real. So let s not have a double standard. And by the way, I say to my friends, especially on this side of the aisle, let us not be distracted by what is really going on. We are simply trying, after the worst shutdown in American history, to say to our own employees, 2.1 million:   You are valued. You are respected.   To actually vote for this is not only to say the opposite and deny them a simple cost of living increase that we have already given the military; it is, in fact, to say: By the way, we buy into this cynicism. We think you are riddled with guilt by association and insinuation. So we have an opportunity, in defeating this MTR, one of the most cynical I have ever heard, to actually make a positive statement to our Federal employees. Stand up and be heard. Say   no   to shutdowns. Say   yes   to our Federal employees, and restore their sense of respect with our dignity. rise in opposition to the motion to recommit because I think it is important we remember President Trump has always wanted a shutdown. He boasted a year and a half ago that what the government needs is a good government shutdown. There is no such thing, as we now know. On December 11 not ancient history he sat in the Oval Office, getting red in the face, shouting:   I will be the one to shut it down.   He then followed through on that promise by torpedoing a government funding agreement that passed the Senate with unanimous support. Once again, Federal employees and Federal contracts were being held hostage by this President, all because of a broken campaign promise. He said Mexico was going to pay for his wall. Now he needs a bailout from the American taxpayer. Fortunately, the new Democratic majority in this House is going to stand up to this President and has offered a sensible plan to fund the government. The bill that passed in the Senate is part of a four-bill package and, by a vote of 92 6, provides a 1.9 percent badly needed pay increase for all Federal employees and guarantees backpay to the Federal employees furloughed during this unnecessary Trump shutdown. I support the underlying bill because we can and should end this Trump shutdown now. the Trump administration is currently threatening Congress with the furlough of 150 employees at the Office of Personnel Management unless we, the Congress, acquiesce to the administration s so-called plan to abolish OPM altogether and give the Trump White House control of governmentwide Federal employee policies. My amendment would put an end to the administration s plan to use the careers of 150 loyal civil servants as bargaining chips for the proposal to abolish OPM altogether. This proposal lacks merit, justification, or even a coherent rationale. And you don t have to take my word for it. The Government Accountability Office has testified that OPM s leaders   have not established outcome-oriented goals, developed a cost-benefit analysis or implementation plans, and have not fully involved or communicated their efforts with the Congress, employees, and other key stakeholders.   Both Republicans and Democrats have expressed similar skepticism about this plan here in the House and in the other body. My Republican counterpart in the Senate, Chairman JAMES LANKFORD, has said: It is hard to get to the determination of how this makes anything better, meaning the proposal. The Federal Government s most essential resource is its 2.6 million employees, who comprise the most professional, nonpartisan civil service in the world. Developing and enforcing the policies to protect them from political interference has been the task of the independent agency OPM. OPM administers the largest employer-sponsored health insurance program and processes retirement benefits for 2.5 million Federal retirees and survivors. It vets and trains candidates for some of our Nation s most important civil service positions. It also provides dental, vision, and medical insurance to 8 million Federal employees and their families. In short, Mr. Chairman, OPM is the agency that serves the people who serve the American people. We have watched as this administration has attempted to curtail the independence of the civil service itself and reverse more than a century of protected reforms implemented by professionals in the civil service and to insulate them from political influence. Now the administration is holding the careers of 150 civil servants hostage in an attempt to force Congress  hand to this terrible idea. Much is at stake, and we cannot allow civil servants to serve as bargaining chips. On May 21, my subcommittee held a hearing that eviscerated the administration s half-baked plan to eliminate OPM, and criticism was bipartisan. I told Acting Director Weichert then that the plan was dead on arrival and that she needed to start over to find a way that we could work together on a bipartisan basis to improve this essential agency. She said she would, and I took her at her word. Despite clear messages and continued oversight, Ms. Weichert has moved forward with plans that further weaken an agency in need and failed to live up to her end of the agreement. Just last week, OPM officials announced their intention to lay off or possibly furlough 150 employees because they could not afford to keep them on the payroll, they said. This threat was made in spite of proposed appropriations levels above what would be needed to fill any anticipated budget gap. The administration s inadequate plan, if one can call it a plan, to dismantle OPM has been a disaster. Now, after realizing they can t prevail on the merits of their proposal, unfortunately, the administration is resorting to blackmail. They are willing to risk the livelihoods of 150 members of our civil service men and women who have dedicated their careers to serving the Federal workforce that serves the American public and on a plan that fails the sniff test. I have worked with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to put language in appropriations bills that prohibit the administration from using Federal funding to implement any part of this reorganization plan. I now seek to add an amendment that would prohibit OPM s threatened furloughs or a reduction in force. I have also filed an amendment for the Fiscal Year 2020 National Defense Authorization Act that would require OPM to halt its reorganization effort and consult with Congress. On Thursday, my subcommittee will hold OPM officials accountable for the lack of documents provided to Congress about the plan to eliminate OPM; and, at that hearing, I intend to tell OPM that they will not dismantle a critical Federal agency on my watch. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. I hope the American people are listening to what is being said here on the floor, because they are actually getting an honest flavor of where some of my friends on the other side of the aisle actually are. Everybody, Mr. JORDAN says, agrees we need a wall, a barrier on the border. Actually, not everybody does. Actually, most polls show most Americans don t support that, and that number is increasing: the opposition. Federal workers make more than their private sector counterparts, despite the fact that the official study shows they are 31 percent behind their private sector counterparts, and there are differences because of the differences in the nature of the work. What you are also hearing, besides Darwinian   survival of the fittest   rhetoric and Marie Antoinette,   let them eat cake   kind of rhetoric coming out of this administration and some Members of this body, which I think reflects poorly on an understanding about where the average American, including the average Federal employee, actually is and what their needs really are and they don t demand much but respect is something they do demand, and it is something we offer them. That is why this resolution in front of us is so important. Is it that hard to come together? Yeah, it is nonbinding, but it is aspirational. And even that, apparently, some of my friends on the other side of the aisle find difficult to swallow: a commitment not to shut down government for any reason. Mr. Speaker, let s not hold Federal employees, and the American public they serve, hostage ever again. We will deal with our policy disputes separately, but we won t engage in shutting down the Federal Government. It is disastrous, it is reckless, it is dysfunctional, and it is a disservice to the people who sent us here. It is that simple. Never again shut down government. I certainly support this bill to keep our employees whole. But I must say, when I hear the discussion and when I heard the words of our friend and colleague from Montana, I thought:   Are we rewriting history?   This isn t about who likes President Trump or who does not. Where is the outrage in this body? When do we finally say,   Enough  ? We had a bill, a bipartisan bill that passed the Senate. It was ready to pass here. The White House had said they would sign it. And because four or five rightwing talking heads scared the President of the United States, he pulled the plug. Democrats didn t do that. Republicans didn t do it. He did it. Now you are defending him, enabling him, even when he says,   I never said Mexico would pay for the wall,   even though we have 212 explicit references in the last 3 years in which he said precisely that. And meanwhile, because of that focus, which came out of right field, 800,000 Federal employees and all American citizens are held hostage. When do we come together and say,   Enough  ? When do we stand up for those Federal employees who are civil servants who serve our constituents? And when do we say this shutdown threatens the security of the United States? It is wrong, and we have had enough. So it is good that we are going to keep our Federal employees whole when the shutdown ends, but let s come together and make sure this shutdown ends, even at the risk of taking on the President of the United States politically. In the last analysis, can we not come together and do the right thing for the American people. I thank House leadership for bringing H.R. 1235, the MSPB Temporary Term Extension Act, so quickly to the floor at the request of the Committee on Oversight and Reform. Chairman CUMMINGS and I introduced this bill to prevent a potential crisis at the Merit Systems Protection Board, a vacant Board without any members. Acting Chairman Mark Robbins is and has been the sole member on the Board since January 2017. His holdover term expires at the end of this month, the 28th of February, and it cannot be extended without legislation. We planned to address this issue through regular order, but circumstances arose that prevented us from doing so. The subcommittee I am going to chair originally scheduled a hearing to examine the problem on February 14, but the hearing was postponed to the end of this month to allow all Members to attend the funerals of our colleagues John Dingell and Walter Jones. We hoped that the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee would take action to address the problem during its business meeting on February 20. Although the Senate committee was able to approve two nominees for the Board, Chairman JOHNSON indicated he would withhold those nominations from the Senate floor pending the naming of a third nominee by the White House. The Senate committee was also reportedly working on language to extend Mr. Robbins  holdover term for another year, but no legislation was considered at the markup, thus our action today. Given these events, it appears less and less likely that the Senate will be able to confirm new Board members before time runs out this Thursday. That is why the Committee on Oversight and Reform, Chairman CUMMINGS and I, introduced this stopgap measure, H.R. 1235, to ensure some work by the MSPB will continue. The legislation will provide a one-time, 1-year extension for Mr. Robbins  term to give the Senate more time to confirm the additional Board members. This version of the bill before us eliminates the provision prohibiting dual appointments because Mr. Robbins assured us he would continue to recuse himself from working on matters related to OPM and that he would recuse himself from OPM matters that related to votes he had taken at MSPB if this bill is enacted. This amendment is in response to many of the concerns raised by our Republican friends. We urgently need to pass this bill because we need to ensure that MSPB can continue its operations. If Mr. Robbins  term expires without new members confirmed, it will be the first time in the agency s history that the Board has no members at all. We will be entering uncharted new territory, and not good territory. If there is no principal officer to lead the agency, not only is it unclear which agency functions may continue and which ones must be suspended, but, also, whether the entire agency must shut down completely. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues not to risk that shutdown. There is a lot at stake here. MSPB protects whistleblowers from retaliation, veterans from job discrimination, and Federal employees from prohibited personnel practices. The agency ensures that the Federal civil service is nonpartisan and complies with the merit system principles. Since 2017, MSPB has been operating under certain constraints without a quorum on the Board. This has prevented the Board from hearing final appeals of agency adverse actions. The absence of a quorum has also prevented the Board from issuing special studies of the civil service and reviews of OPM rules and regulations, as is required. This has resulted in a backlog, Mr. Speaker, of 2,000 final appeals which will take more than 3 years to process and eight Merit Systems studies pending issuance by the Board. The current situation is certainly less than ideal, but let s not make it worse by doing nothing and creating a complete vacancy on the Board. This would cause decisions made by Mr. Robbins, by the way, to be voided, exacerbating the backlog, and any new Board members who are finally confirmed would have to start again from square one. We should not and cannot allow that to happen. Addressing the problem should be a bipartisan concern, and I believe it is. We cannot let politics prevent MSPB from doing its job. The bill in front of us is supported by the American Federation of Government Employees, the National Treasury Employees Union, the National Federation of Federal Employees, the Government Accountability Project, Public Citizen, Project on Government Oversight, the Make It Safe Coalition, the Senior Executives Association, and the National Taxpayers Union. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD letters of support from those organizations and a coalition of other stakeholders. AMERICAN FEDERATION OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES, AFL-CIO, Washington, DC, February 22, 2019. Hon. ELIJAH E. CUMMINGS, Chairman, House Committee on Oversight and Reform, Washington, DC. Hon. JIM JORDAN, Ranking Member, House Committee on Oversight and Reform, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN CUMMINGS AND RANKING MEMBER JORDAN: On behalf of the American Federation of Government Employees. AFLCIO (AFGE), I am writing to urge support for the   Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB) Temporary Term Extension Act,   introduced by Congressman Elijah Cummings (D-MD). This legislation would allow the term of the current and only MSPB member to be extended and avoid having a vacant Board. An employee may appeal an adverse action to the MSPB, a third-party agency that hears and adjudicates civil service appeals. MSPB administrative judges (AJs) hear the matter in an adversarial setting and decide the case in accordance with established legal precedents. If dissatisfied with the AJ s decision. either the agency or the employee may appeal the decision to the full three Member MSPB. Currently, the Board does not have a quorum. Mark Robbins is the only member on the Board and his term expires on February 28, 2019. Robbins  original term ended in March 2018, and he is currently serving under a maximum one-year statutory extension. When Robbins  term expires, the Board will have no Presidentially-appointed members. The   MSPB Temporary Term Extension Act.   would allow for Robbins to extend his term for one additional year and avoid having an MSPB with no members. AFGE believes that the MSPB serves an important role in upholding the Merit Systems Principles and the rights of federal employees. Therefore, AFGE strongly urges you to support the   MSPB Temporary Term Extension Act.   to allow a temporary carryover of the current and only member of the MSPB I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1235, a commonsense stopgap measure to prevent serious injury to hardworking civil servants who expect the Merit Systems Protection Board to function. I yield myself the balance of my time. Briefly, in responding to my friend: I agree with him. I think we need a full board. Our problem is the Senate. They didn t get around to acting in a timely fashion, and so we are faced with this. I think it is also important to note that, although a quorum is necessary for most work of MSPB, it isn t necessary for all of it. So Mr. Robbins, in a caretaker, interim position, can still do some of the work of the board, including issuing stays, reviewing some of the work, and helping to avoid adding to the backlog. He can t substitute himself fully, obviously, for a quorum in the board. My colleague is quite right about that. What we are trying to do here is not to compel him or coerce him to stay against his wishes; it is to try to buy some time and have the board at least do some of its basic functions so that we don t come to a complete standstill. That would not be necessary, frankly, had the Senate acted. I think my friend is right in suggesting that is the ultimate answer, and I would join him in calling on the Senate to act as swiftly as possible. But I think we have no choice but to act on this bill now. With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1235, as amended. The question was taken; and (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read:   To provide that the term of office of certain members of the Merit Systems Protection Board shall be extended by a per rise today in support of H.R. 3352, the Department of State Authorization Act of 2019. This legislation helps put our diplomacy and development missions on firm footing by updating long-neglected authorities to reflect facts on the ground and strengthening the State Department s operations and workforce. Diversity is a unique source of that strength and for our economy and national security. We must ensure that our Federal workforce reflects the American people it serves. That is why I am grateful that this bill includes the bulk of my National Security Diversity and Inclusion Workforce Act, H.R. 2979, promoting diversity in Federal national security offices. That bill and the authorization bill before us today require regular reporting on demographic data related to State Department s workforce and diversity efforts and encourages State to expand recruitment and retention programs to facilitate a diverse workforce that looks like America. I want to thank the chairman, in particular, and the ranking member for including this amendment as part of the bill to incentivize senior leaders to foster an inclusive environment and offer a career advancement program for senior positions, also encouraging a diverse participation. I have collaborated with Federal employee groups to promote diversity within Federal agencies, and I welcome the opportunity to take a comprehensive approach in this bill. Mr. Speaker, I was a staff member on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee for 10 years, and I helped write the last foreign aid bill, and that was in 1985. As the ranking member noted, it has been 17 years since we have brought a State Department authorization bill to full force in the law. Credit goes to Chairman ENGEL and Ranking Member MCCAUL and their respective staffs for bringing us to this point and, frankly, without any kind of adversity. It was the smoothest markup of a State Department bill I ever recall, and my hat is off to them. Mr. Speaker, they deserve a lot of congratulations. It is a good model for this bill. rise in support of H.R. 247, the Federal CIO Authorization Act of 2019, introduced by my colleague, Congressman WILL HURD. I am happy to co-sponsor this bill, which the House of Representatives passed last year under suspension of the rules. This bill rebrands the Office of Electronic Government at the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and helps bring it into the 21st century by renaming it the Office of the Federal Chief Information Officer. This new name more appropriately characterizes the important role the Office plays across the federal government in coordinating federal information technology (IT) policy and providing guidance to agencies. Currently, the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government is informally called the Federal Chief Information Officer (CIO), so it is long overdue for Congress to make this change in statute, as this bill will do. H.R. 247 will also rename the E-Government Fund, the   Federal IT Fund   which better describes the purpose of the account. More importantly, this bill establishes the Federal Chief Information Security Office (CISO) within the office of the Federal CIO. The Federal CISO (pronounced SISSO) will be appointed by the president and be responsible for carrying out the cybersecurity duties of the OMB Director, including the responsibilities under the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA). This position was created by President Obama to address the increasing risk of cyberattacks and the need to better protect our government s data and information across the federal government. However, it was not until a year and half into the Trump Administration that the President named Grant Schneider the permanent Federal CISO. My hope is that this position will foster effective coordination of cybersecurity policy across the federal government, providing agencies with guidance to secure their IT systems and better defend against cyber-attacks. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. rise today to offer an amendment to the FY2021 National Defense Authorization Act that would permanently authorize the teleworking program of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Since its launch, the program has significantly expanded the agency s teleworking capacity, while saving millions of taxpayer dollars. In fiscal 2019 alone, the telework program generated over $123 million in savings, including avoided real estate costs and increased productivity, which generated $52 million and $49 million in savings, respectively. The current coronavirus pandemic has solidified the need to invest in and support telework opportunities for federal agencies. This amendment would enable thousands of federal employees to continue using this program and USPTO to continue saving millions of taxpayer dollars. I thank my colleague Mr. HICE who was a co-sponsor with me on this provision. Ms. ESHOO. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of several important provisions in H.R. 6395, the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act/or Fiscal Year 2021 (NOAA) that I authored or cosponsored, as well as amendments to the bill. This legislation will ensure our country retains its leadership in artificial intelligence (Al), cybersecurity, and semiconductor manufacturing. NDAA includes several smart provisions authorizing investments in Al research and development (R&D). The Global Al Index, which quantifies the Al arms race among nations, finds that the U.S. is ahead of China today but   experts predict China will overtake the U.S. in just five to 10 years.   Section 5107 of the NDAA includes my bipartisan and bicameral legislation, H.R. 7096, the National Al Research Resource Task Force Act, which establishes a task force of experts from government, academia, and companies (large and small) to develop a roadmap for a national AI research cloud to make available high-powered computing, large data sets, and educational resources necessary for AI research. The national Al research cloud expands access so that American universities and companies can participate in AI R&D. My legislation is supported by Chairman Eric Schmidt and Vice Chairman Bob Work of the National Security Commission on Al; 12 leading public and private research universities, including Stanford, UCLA, Princeton, and Ohio State; research and tech nonprofits Mozilla, Open AI, and the Allen Institute for Al; standards body IEEE-USA; leading technology companies, including Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Oracle, and IBM; and startups, including Calypso AI and Scale AI. I thank Representatives ANTHONY GONZALEZ and MIKIE SHERRILL; Senators PORTMAN and HEINRICH; and the House Committees on Science and Armed Services for their partnership in advancing this highly important legislation. I m proud to be a cosponsor of H.R. 6216, the National Artificial Intelligence Initiative Act, comprehensive and bipartisan legislation which establishes an initiative to accelerate and coordinate investments and partnerships in Al research, standards, and education. This legislation appears as division E of the base text of NDAA, and it is a major investment in our country s future that will pay dividends for decades to come. The House will consider two Al-related amendments I authored that expand reporting requirements for the Joint Artificial Intelligence Center (JAIC) of the Department of Defense. Amendment No. 131 requires the JAIC to report to Congress on its contribution to the development of AI standards in multi-stakeholder bodies. The U.S. must lead international and multi-stakeholder standards bodies to ensure our democratic and liberal values guide the evolution of AI. Amendment No. 132, which I offer with Congressman GONZALEZ, requires the JAIC to report on the assignments servicemembers receive after they complete their duty with the JAIC. We need to ensure AI experience is recognized and celebrated in the armed services. I m proud to cosponsor Amendment No. 24, offered by my good friend Rep. MATSUI, based on her bipartisan legislation with Rep. MCCAUL, the CHIPS/or America Act. The amendment will restore American leadership in semiconductor manufacturing by increasing incentives to enable advanced R&D, which will bolster our country s national security and economic competitiveness. I thank Reps. MATSUI and MCCAUL for including, at my request, a provision ensuring that small businesses are given preference for grants authorized by the legislation, in subsection (b)(2)(C)(ii)(III) of the Semiconductor Incentive Grants section. Finally, I m pleased to cosponsor Amendment No. 15, which creates the role of the National Cyber Director within the Executive Office of the President, based on Rep. LANGEVIN s bipartisan legislation, the National Cyber Director Act. Cybersecurity is critically important for our national security and economy, and we need a senior official at the highest level of the Executive Branch to coordinate how the federal government and military are investing to mitigate cyberattacks and respond to disruptions in government and the private sector. I urge my colleagues to support Amendments No. 131, No. 132, No. 24, and No. 15. Mr. CONNOLLY. Madam Speaker, I rise today to offer an amendment to the FY2021 National Defense Authorization Act which would reform and codify the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP). This amendment mirrors the bipartisan, House-passed, FedRAMP Authorization Act (H.R. 3941), which I coauthored with current White House Chief of Staff Mark Meadows. FedRAMP standardizes security requirements for the authorization and ongoing cybersecurity assessments of cloud services for information systems across the federal government to help agencies more quickly adopt cloud technologies. The FedRAMP Authorization Act helps reduce duplication of security assessments and other obstacles to agency adoption of cloud products by establishing a   presumption of adequacy   for cloud technologies that have received FedRAMP certification. This presumption of adequacy means that the cloud service offering has met baseline security standards established by the program and should be considered approved for use across the federal government. The bill would also facilitate agency reuse of cloud technologies that have already received an authorization-to-operate by requiring agencies to check a centralized and secure repository and, to the extent practicable, reuse any existing security assessment before conducting their own. The bill requires that GSA work toward automating their processes, which will lead to more standard security assessments and continuous monitoring of cloud offerings, and increase the efficiency for providers and agencies. The bill establishes a Federal Secure Cloud Advisory Committee to ensure dialogue among GSA, agency cybersecurity and procurement officials, and industry for effective and ongoing coordination in acquisition and adoption of cloud products by the federal government. Finally, the bill authorizes the program at $20 million annually, providing sufficient resources to increase the number of secure cloud technologies available for agency adoption. We have worked with the Office of Management and Budget, GSA, industry stakeholders, and our minority counterparts to ensure that the bill makes needed improvements in the FedRAMP program and gives the program flexibility to grow and adopt to future changes in cloud technologies . In 2019, 13 agencies reported to GAO that they achieved at least $291 billion in savings from increasing their investments in cloud technologies. I hope we can continue to advance the bipartisan Fed RAMP Authorization Act to reform and codify a vital program many agencies rely upon to provide secure cloud computing solutions, a fundamental component of many IT modernization efforts. rise today to offer an amendment to the FY2021 National Defense Authorization Act that would clarify that both subcontractors and subgrantees who provide protected disclosures of federal waste, fraud, and abuse are protected from retaliation. This provision closes a loophole in federal whistleblower protection laws. The amendment is particularly important for agencies that engage in significant grant activities, like the Department of Education, which provides grants to state-level agencies who then provide subgrants to local governments. Sometimes it s teachers and school administrators who are in the best position to tell federal leaders where and how federal dollars are misspent. This language ensures that those with information on the waste, fraud, or abuse of federal funding report it and that those who are brave enough to report such wrongdoing are protected from retaliation. brave enough to report such wrongdoing are protected from retaliation. due diligence rule. The CDD rule requires financial institutions to collect similar data that is being required in this bill. Moreover, the Republican motion to recommit offered to H.R. 2513 would have required law enforcement to obtain a subpoena. Both attempts to strengthen the bill at the time were rejected. The amendment that we are considering today to H.R. 6395 contains the same flaws as H.R. 2513. To that end, I believe these issues still merit a more thoughtful solution that doesn t treat legitimate small businesses as collateral damage, like the bill and this amendment does. I will continue trying to work with the amendment s sponsor to fix these issues. Until then, I am opposed to this amendment I don t know what my friend from Indiana is talking about. I do know this: Thank God the Democrats insisted that this bill help the small businesses intended to be supported. Too many big guys got supported over the little guys, and that is what we are trying to fight for today. Second point, we have got to help State and local governments. They cannot be allowed to go bankrupt. That is social Darwinism at its worst. And, thirdly, we have got to help our postal workers and the Postal Service who serve all Americans. their priority is corporate liability. Ours is helping to save a nation. They say wait. Wait for what? The virus to stop spreading? It won t. Wait for another 36 million Americans to have to file for unemployment? Wait for another million businesses to collapse? For another 86,000 Americans to die? The time to act is now if we are going to save this economy and protect public health and safety, not to dither, not to wait. The virus won t. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would advise my very good friend from the great State of Virginia that we didn t wait. We worked with you and passed four bills. You are wasting time. You are wasting time. You have brought a bill here you know will not pass the Senate, that the President will not sign. You decided not to work with us. So please don t accuse us of delay. America is bleeding. America is in deep suffering and even deeper anxiety, and it counts on its Congress to respond with alacrity, thoughtfulness, and action. We have no time to dither. We have no time to engage in ideological or petty partisan fights. Our country needs us as one. Mr. Speaker, 3.28 million people filed for unemployment last week. In my State, that translated into a 17-fold increase in 1 week. The number of coronavirus victims quadrupled in that time period in my State, and those figures are reflected throughout the country. Now is the time to come together. Now is the time to show our fellow countrymen that we can rise to this occasion and re-instill in them the hope and confidence that will come Americans are scared. We are in the midst of the worst public health pandemic in more than 100 years. Across our country, more than 85,000 Americans have now been touched by coronavirus, and more than one thousand lives have been lost. Loved ones are making the difficult and heartbreaking choice to be absent from grandparents and elderly mothers and fathers, so that they don t get exposed to this deadly virus. Our hospitals and medical first responders are doing heroic work, but worry they can t meet the demands that may walk through the door tomorrow. Schools have been shuttered, while moms and dads are forced to figure out how to continue on and bring some normalcy to this new way of life. Businesses and restaurants are struggling, and many have been forced to close or lay-off workers. Just yesterday, we got our first glimpse into the devastating unemployment outlook 3.3 million Americans applied for assistance last week. We have all heard these stories of this painful new reality. Our communities are reeling. They are seeking leadership, guidance, truth, empathy, assistance and most of all, hope for a better tomorrow. We need to be all of those things for our constituents and this package is another important step. Nothing in life is ever perfect and this bill is no exception. But we cannot make perfect be the enemy of the good. There s much I would like added to this legislation, there are offensive provisions I d like deleted. But the balance of aid to a hurting nation demands we act and act now. We are providing unprecedented unemployment insurance and a lifeline during this trying time to those who have lost their job. This package provides billions of dollars to hospitals and first responders so that they have the personal protective gear, ventilators, and the medical supplies they need to meet this crisis. Nearly every family will receive a direct payment to help cover rent, or groceries, or just make ends meet. Small businesses will have resources so that they can hopefully remain open and keep their employees on payroll. States and localities will see an infusion of federal investment to cover the challenges they face in providing for our neighbors. But our work is not done. The Postal Service, which every American relies on for prescription drugs, care packages, and critical services, is in crisis and must be addressed. States and local communities who are the frontlines will require more assistance. We must continue to meet those needs. This bill is Congress  reaffirmation of the unstinting strength of the American people, a clarion statement in our faith in the future, a clear and forceful renewal in our unshakeable belief that our country will rise from the present travail, tested, resilient and renewed. I thank my good friend from California for his leadership, especially in bringing before us the Protecting the Right to Organize Act of 2019. Right now, in my home State, the Virginia General Assembly is engaged in a big debate about whether to repeal the right-to-work laws that have dominated our State for so many years, a repeal I have long supported. That is why, today, I am proud to stand with my good friend and fellow Virginian, Chairman BOBBY SCOTT, in supporting this bill, the Protecting the Right to Organize Act. Unions have been the backbone of a just and equitable economy. Their hard work gave us the 5-day workweek. Their hard work gave us safer working conditions. Their hard work helps deliver fair wages and better access to healthcare. But this isn t just an economic issue. It is also a question of civil rights. Society itself is freer when workers are empowered to band together and negotiate for better pay, benefits, and working conditions. I might say, even in those States that are not right-to-work States, it is hard to organize, but when you impose a right-to-work law, then you have really stacked the odds in the ability of working men and women to organize themselves. This is Black History Month, and I am reminded of these words from Dr. Martin Luther King:   In our glorious fight for civil rights, we must guard against being fooled by false slogans, such as  right-to-work.  . . . Wherever these laws have been passed, wages are lower, job opportunities are fewer, and there are no civil rights. We do not intend to let them do this to us. We demand this fraud be stopped. Our weapon is our vote.   Dr. King was right. Our weapon is our vote, and today, we are going to exercise that weapon and strike a blow for working men and women and for restoring the constitutional right of working men and women to organize freely and benefit this economy and benefit the quality of lives for people in communities all across this great land. Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from California for giving me the time. I urge passage of the bill, and I support the rule underlying it. I urge my friends in the House, on a bipartisan basis, to join with me in honoring Chai and preventing further deaths and further infections from COVID 19 within the Federal workforce and the Federal contract workforce. This is a prudent measure, and, as I said, President Trump s OMB does not oppose this bill. Reflecting back on the outbreak of the pandemic, I think we can all agree that our Nation and the Federal Government were not prepared for what lay ahead. Conflicting safety and workfrom-home guidelines caused confusion across the Federal workforce. We didn t have a clear understanding of how the virus spread or how best to respond to it, so agencies managing offices and priorities across the country were left to make their own best decisions as they saw it. Many agencies were not telework-ready, and we did not grasp the sheer length of time that this pandemic would last, let alone plan for it. Now with the winter months approaching, the projections are grim. In June, the University of Washington School of Medicine predicted 200,000 U.S. deaths by October, a number we had already passed by September 22. Their model now predicts, sadly, the death rate will more than double by the end of this year. In all likelihood, the worst is still to come. But this time we can and must be prepared. To make sure the Federal Government is ready for the challenges ahead, the COVID PREPARE Act would require each Federal agency submit to Congress an initial action plan for addressing and managing any resurgence of coronavirus cases. The plans would use the important lessons learned since the onset of the coronavirus crisis to develop data-driven blueprints for anticipating and addressing any resurgence. The bill also would require agencies to provide quarterly progress reports to Congress. Agencies should already be engaging in the strategic evidence-based planning required by this bill, so compliance ought not to be difficult. Adding this important step would maximize the impact of these plans by ensuring transparency and accountability through oversight. It is more urgent than ever that Federal agencies ensure the responsible stewardship of taxpayer dollars while protecting their workforces and the most effective pandemic response possible by committing to a sound and transparent planning and preparedness process. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this thoughtful bill as a complement to the bill we just passed, and I reserve the balance of my time. The bill requires every Federal agency to report COVID 19 resurgent action plans to Congress. These plans will cover agency pandemic resurgence preparations to assure agency mission continuity. The bill also requires agencies to outline their communication plans to necessary stakeholders, including Congress, States, and localities, and entities in the agency s jurisdiction. Finally, the bill requires quarterly updates on these plans through the end of the pandemic. This, of course, presumes a resurgence of the pandemic, which we hope will not happen. In discussing this bill, we would be remiss if we did not commend the work the Federal agencies and their workforce have already done and continue to do combating COVID 19 across our Nation. We should recognize the progress we have made as a nation in fighting this global pandemic. Thanks to this administration s leadership, we are seeing continual progress in the coronavirus fight. The President s Cabinet and agency leaders have been constantly evaluating the pandemic and making decisions in real time, with the safety of the Federal workforce and the American public as their primary goal. As our collective knowledge of COVID 19 evolves, Congress needs to ensure that the legislation we advance empowers Federal agencies to make these critical real-time decisions. Congress needs to be careful about continually laying on new reporting requirements to already-strained Federal agencies. b 1300 These agencies are currently responsible to congressional oversight, and new, broadly defined reporting requirements can have the unintended consequences of redirecting scarce agency resources during a national emergency. H.R. 7496 requires, within 30 days of the legislation s enactment, that every Federal agency communicates plans to Congress for how they will handle the unthinkable; this pandemic worsening. The bill s language is broad, and we didn t have the opportunity to fully engage in debate on what it means and what metrics we are using. Legislation like this could have benefited from additional work in our committee to clarify its intentions. Fortunately, the agencies already have plans in place, and we hope the resurgence action plans envisioned by this bill won t be needed. Thanks to the administration s Operation Warp Speed, the American people are optimistic that the Food and Drug Administration will shortly announce a safe and effective vaccine. In the meantime, we need to work in Congress to assure that Federal agencies are able to remain fully focused on handling their present work and challenges so that we can stop this virus. Our constituents sent us here to work together, put partisanship aside, and ensure our Nation s government has the resources that it needs. I look forward to working with my colleagues on legislation that helps our government remain effective at fighting this pandemic. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. I do think it is important when we talk about Operation Warp Speed and we talk about the promise of vaccines, that we remind ourselves that not all vaccines are curative. In fact, many vaccines exist to lessen the severity of the illness that could follow. We are 100 years after the Spanish flu, and we still don t have a cure for the flu. We have an annual vaccine to lessen the severity of the illness should you get it and to prevent it in some cases, but not a cure. We have been grappling with AIDS for over 40 years. We don t have a drug or a vaccine that completely cures AIDS. So when we talk to the American public, we have to be careful about the implied promise or explicit promise those of us in public life make. That is why I think Mr. SCHNEIDER s bill and Mr. KATKO s bill is so important. In the event we don t have a vaccine that is efficacious, we need to have contingency planning. I think this is a good bill. I think as Mr. KHANNA indicated, it adds to the corpus of information technology legislation where we are trying to modernize the Federal Government; we are trying to retire legacy systems; we are trying to move to the cloud for cyber reasons, for efficiency reasons, and to be of better service to the American people. rise today to offer an amendment to the FY2021 National Defense Authorization Act which would ensure that no U.S. servicemember with a felony-level domestic violence conviction is able to legally purchase firearms. This simple, bipartisan amendment would codify existing Department of Defense policy which requires DOD to report to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) servicemembers who are prohibited from purchasing firearms. The DOD Inspector General found that DOD has failed consistently to report domestic violence convictions 4 in 5 domestic violence cases examined (86 percent) were not properly reported to the FBI or NICS. One of the domestic abusers the DOD failed to report to the FBI was Devin Kelley, who entered a house of worship in Sutherland Springs, TX in November 2017, and killed 27 people with the guns he should have been prohibited from purchasing under current law. Codifying this reporting requirement gives it more teeth and will help Congress in its oversight of these important public safety measures that DOD is failing to implement rise, of course, in support of H.R. 2166, the Global Health Security Act, which reaffirms the United States  commitment in promoting global health security. I first introduced this bill in partnership with my colleague, STEVE CHABOT of Ohio, 2 years ago, before the pandemic, when we identified a dearth of leadership and strategy around U.S. planning for a global health security emergency. Tragically, the global COVID 19 pandemic has underscored not only the need for a robust Federal response to such a crisis, but also the importance of investing in global health security around the world because viruses and diseases do not respect national borders. We are truly in this together. Amid concerns about the response to COVID 19, I welcome the fact that the House Foreign Affairs Committee coalesced around a bipartisan solution that addresses deficiencies in the current response as well as to demonstrate a commitment to a comprehensive and sustainable approach to global health security. One of the critical lessons learned during the U.S. response to the 2014 Ebola outbreak in West Africa was the need for a permanent designated official responsible for coordinating the interagency response to a global health security emergency in the event of a pandemic. In fact, the primary recommendation of the recent CSIS report on Strengthening America s Health Security is to restore the health security leadership at the White House National Security Council by naming a senior level leader in charge of coordinating U.S. efforts to anticipate, to prevent, and to respond to biological crises. Despite bipartisan support, sadly, the administration eliminated the previous NSC position responsible for just such a crisis 2 years ago. At a time when decisive leadership and robust Federal coordination is sorely needed to combat the global COVID 19 pandemic, our Global Health Security Act would reestablish the government-wide lead for pandemic response by creating a U.S. coordinator. This legislation also establishes an interagency review council, as Mr. MCCAUL indicated, charged with implementing U.S. commitments around a Global Health Security Agenda and sets important metrics for global health security planning. And the bill requires a global health security strategy that helps other countries, as well as our own, to strengthen their healthcare systems in order to detect, prevent and mitigate outbreaks early. Republican and Democratic Presidents have recognized the critical importance of global health security, from President Obama s role in launching the Global Health Security Agenda to President Trump s National Security Strategy and National Biodefense Strategy. Whether it is the current COVID 19 pandemic or the next crisis, it is clear these threats are going to be ongoing and perhaps increasing. Saving lives from the next global pandemic starts with investing in preparedness before it strikes. As we have seen time and again, diseases don t respect borders, and global health crises have immense security, economic, and humanitarian consequences, as we are seeing now. Our Global Health Security Act recognizes the critical role of U.S. leadership in international health security and enshrines U.S. global health security policy in statute. I am proud that this bill passed the House Foreign Affairs Committee unanimously and was included in both the House-passed HEROES Act and the House-passed National Defense Authorization Act. The Global Health Security Act is endorsed by ChildFund International, Global Health Council, International Medical Corps, IntraHealth International, the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security, Nuclear Threat Initiative, the ONE Campaign, PATH, the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene, Management Sciences for Health, Sabin Vaccine Institute, The Borgen Project, and the American Society for Microbiology, among others. the Information Technology Modernization Centers of Excellence Program Act is the product of great bipartisan work between Representative RO KHANNA and the ranking member of our committee, Mr. COMER. Since 2017, the Centers of Excellence have provided state-of-the-art technical expertise to assist Federal agencies with their IT modernization so that they can serve the American people more effectively. The program aims to leverage private-sector innovation and centralized expertise to help the Federal Government improve its services to the public, deploy cutting-edge technology, attract top talent to its workforce, enhance its cybersecurity, and optimize the data resources available to it. Today, six Centers of Excellence support agencies in the strategic competency areas of artificial intelligence, cloud adoption, contact centers, customer experience, data and analytics, and infrastructure optimization. This bill would codify that program and to support agencies in efficiently improving customer service, implementing cloud computing systems and data management, optimizing IT infrastructure, and sharing best practices and expertise. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Government Operations with responsibility for Federal IT modernization, I have kept a close eye on this program since its inception, and I intend to keep a close eye as it continues to put its mission and goals into practice. I applaud the improvements made to the bill to ensure that assistance is provided to agencies by request on a reimbursable and transparent basis. I support the commonsense bill before us to modernize and improve the function Americans are scared. We are in the midst of the worst public health pandemic in more than 100 years. Across our country, more than 85,000 Americans have now been touched by coronavirus, and more than one thousand lives have been lost. Loved ones are making the difficult and heartbreaking choice to be absent from grandparents and elderly mothers and fathers, so that they don t get exposed to this deadly virus. Our hospitals and medical first responders are doing heroic work, but worry they can t meet the demands that may walk through the door tomorrow. Schools have been shuttered, while moms and dads are forced to figure out how to continue on and bring some normalcy to this new way of life. Businesses and restaurants are struggling, and many have been forced to close or lay-off workers. Just yesterday, we got our first glimpse into the devastating unemployment outlook 3.3 million Americans applied for assistance last week. We have all heard these stories of this painful new reality. Our communities are reeling. They are seeking leadership, guidance, truth, empathy, assistance and most of all, hope for a better tomorrow. We need to be all of those things for our constituents and this package is another important step. Nothing in life is ever perfect and this bill is no exception. But we cannot make perfect be the enemy of the good. There s much I would like added to this legislation, there are offensive provisions I d like deleted. But the balance of aid to a hurting nation demands we act and act now. We are providing unprecedented unemployment insurance and a lifeline during this trying time to those who have lost their job. This package provides billions of dollars to hospitals and first responders so that they have the personal protective gear, ventilators, and the medical supplies they need to meet this crisis. Nearly every family will receive a direct payment to help cover rent, or groceries, or just make ends meet. Small businesses will have resources so that they can hopefully remain open and keep their employees on payroll. States and localities will see an infusion of federal investment to cover the challenges they face in providing for our neighbors. But our work is not done. The Postal Service, which every American relies on for prescription drugs, care packages, and critical services, is in crisis and must be addressed. States and local communities who are the frontlines will require more assistance. We must continue to meet those needs. This bill is Congress  reaffirmation of the unstinting strength of the American people, a clarion statement in our faith in the future, a clear and forceful renewal in our unshakeable belief that our country will rise from the present travail, tested, resilient and renewed rise in support of H.J. Res. 37, directing the President to remove U.S. Armed Forces from hostilities in or affecting Yemen within 30 days. Since 2015, the United States has provided support to the Saudi-led coalition in its war against the Houthi rebels in Yemen. In addition to claiming an estimated 60,000 Yemeni lives, this war is fueling the world s largest humanitarian and refugee crisis. Humanitarian agencies estimate that 85,000 children have died from malnutrition, more than half the population currently requires emergency food assistance, and 1 in every 10 Yemeni children has been forcibly displaced from their homes due to the conflict. In September of 2018, Secretary Pompeo certified to Congress that the Saudi and Emirati Governments were mitigating harm to civilians and civilian infrastructure in Yemen. Meanwhile, the Saudi-led coalition conducted attacks killing dozens of civilians at a time, often with U.S.-provided munitions. Article I, Section 8, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution states unequivocally that Congress shall have the power to declare war and to raise and support armies and other Armed Forces. That is Congress  prerogative in the Constitution. Pursuant to the War Powers Resolution, the President must remove U.S. Armed Forces engaged in hostilities outside U.S. territory without a specific statutory authorization from Congress. Congress must reclaim its constitutional role, and American complicity in the ongoing humanitarian crisis in Yemen must end. That is why I am glad to support H.J. Res. 37, which would direct such a removal of U.S. Armed Forces from hostilities associated with the Saudi-led coalition war in Yemen. Importantly, this legislation defines hostilities to include in-flight fueling of non-U.S. aircraft conducting counter-Houthi missions. this amendment is simple, bipartisan, and has the support of leading domestic violence prevention advocates and veteran service organizations. First of all, I want to thank my friend and colleague from New York, a Republican, Mr. PETER KING, for cosponsoring this amendment. PETER is a veteran and a respected voice in national security issues in the House, and his support is appreciated immensely. Our amendment does two things: First, it codifies existing Department of Defense policy which requires DOD to report to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System servicemembers who are prohibited from purchasing firearms pursuant to current law. Again, this provision of the amendment merely codifies existing DOD policy as outlined in the instruction 6400.06 and places no new legal restrictions on access to firearms. This provision is responsive to the DOD inspector general s report,   Evaluation of Military Services  Law Enforcement Responses to Domestic Violence Incidents   within the military. In that report, the IG found that the DOD has failed consistently to report domestic violence convictions within DOD that would have disqualified a servicemember from purchasing a firearm. One of the domestic abuses that DOD failed to report to the FBI was Devin Kelley, who entered a house of worship in Sutherland Springs, Texas, in November of 2017, and killed 27 people with guns he should have been prohibited from purchasing under current law. According to the IG, of the 219 domestic violence cases examined at eight military installations, 201 were found not to comply with at least one of the Defense Department s policies for reporting domestic violence. In other words, more than 90 percent of the cases were not properly reported. And in four of five cases, 86 percent were not properly reported to the FBI or the NICS. That is a problem because we know NICS works. According to the FBI, from November 30, 1998, through December 31 of 2018, 206,080 gun purchases were denied based on convictions of domestic violence or protective orders based on domestic violence. Codifying this reporting requirement gives it more teeth and helps Congress in its oversight of these important public safety measures that protect all of our military and their families. The second part of the amendment would task DOD with studying the feasibility of creating a database of military protective orders issued in response to domestic violence and reporting such MPOs to NICS or establishing a process by which military judges could issue protective orders in response to domestic violence. This provision is responsive to the inspector general s report on the investigation of the United States Air Force s failure to submit Devin Kelley s criminal history information to the FBI. Under current law, a military protective order issued in response to a domestic violence incident does not prohibit an individual from purchasing a firearm. However, a comparable civilian protective order would. The IG recommended that the Secretary of Defense consider pursuing legislation amending the Gun Control Act to specifically include military protective orders. The Senate-passed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019 included a provision which would have mandated that DOD create a mechanism by which military judges could issue protective orders that would trigger prohibitions on firearm purchases in a Republican Senate. We are sensitive to the concerns about due process and mandates regarding this matter. That is why we have adopted a middle ground that requires DOD to study the feasibility of complying with the IG recommendations and MPOs and the Gun Control Act, as well as to study the feasibility of establishing a system that the Senate NDAA would have established. According to the Department of Veterans Affairs, 30 percent of female veterans reported having been a victim of domestic violence within their adult life, and 22 percent say the abuse occurred while on Active Duty. According to the DOD, in more than 30 percent of domestic violence cases 1,100 out of 3,000 where the victim is a member of the military, their spouse is also a member of the military. This amendment is not about protecting civilians only, but about protecting those in uniform especially. In closing, I want to thank all of the organizations that have endorsed this bipartisan amendment including: the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, Futures Without Violence, Domestic Violence Legal Empowerment and Appeals Project, Service Women s Action Network, and Protect Our Defenders. Madam Speaker, what we just heard might be described as hyperanimated chutzpa to bemoan accountability, to talk about a kitchen table that is, I think, imaginary. I can tell you it doesn t characterize the kitchen tables in my district, and it probably doesn t characterize them all across America, which is maybe why the minority leader is called that instead of the   majority leader   in this Congress, because my Republican friends abrogated any accountability, any oversight of this administration in the 2 years they were in the majority and Mr. Trump was in the White House. Americans are focused on economic and health issues, but that doesn t mean they don t care about what is happening to their country. They do. The Census, the distinguished minority leader doesn t want you to focus on why the Census question was so important because it is in a context that is disturbing. It is in a context of voter suppression all across America: Get rid of early voting; restrict absentee voting; have stricter ID laws; make it harder for students and people of color to vote; purge voting rolls; have manufactured assertions about phony voting, as if that were the major problem in America. Asking the citizenship question on the Census is part and parcel of that scheme to discourage minority voting in America, to frighten immigrant communities maybe the worst of all, to bemoan the change yesterday to allow the Speaker to have her words considered and to allow her back on the floor. Why? Because we don t care about rules? No. Because we care about the impact on millions of Americans of harmful, racist words, and we felt that the duty to provide some comfort to those people that this House cared was more important than a juridical commitment to an ancient rule. For the People Act of 2019, of which I am a proud cosponsor, delivers on the promise to reform American democracy by protecting voting rights and our elections, improving the transparency of campaign finance, and promoting ethics and accountability. Key to safeguarding voting rights is ensuring that our voting system is secure and free from interference by foreign actors. My amendment to H.R. 1 would help States implement voting system security improvements in order to enhance the integrity of our Federal election infrastructure. Adapted from the FAST Voting Act, H.R. 1512, which I recently reintroduced with my colleague, Representative JIM LANGEVIN of Rhode Island, this amendment to H.R. 1 would award supplementary grants to State applicants based on evidence of previous election security reforms and plans for implementing additional innovations. This race-to-the-top model would incentivize States to adopt best practices, including providing voting machines that are less than 10 years old, maintaining offline backups of voter registration lists, and providing a secure platform for disseminating vote totals. According to the Brennan Center for Justice, in the 2016 Federal elections, voters relied on outdated voting equipment that was more than a decade old in 43 of the 50 States, Mr. Chairman. My amendment would also instruct the Election Assistance Commission, when evaluating State grant applications, to consider evidence of collaboration between relevant stakeholders, including local election officials, in developing the grant implementation plan and the State s plan to evaluate the effectiveness of its grant activities. We now know that Russia directly targeted State voter databases and software systems in 39 States during the 2016 Federal elections. That effort by Russia and additional foreign entities to conduct robust influence operations persisted, sadly, in the 2018 midterm elections, and the U.S. intelligence community expects such attacks to continue through the 2020 Federal elections. Numerous witnesses before the Homeland Security Committee testified on the ongoing need for investment to protect us from such attacks. The need to strengthen the integrity of our voting system is crystal clear, Mr. Chairman. We have a moral obligation as Members of Congress to protect the sacred nature of the results of every election, and it is urgent. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this simple but, I think, helpful amendment to move us toward voter security in the next election and enhance cybersecurity for all of our Federal election infrastructure. Mr. CONNOLLY. Madam Chair, I rise today in support of this en bloc package of amendments to H.R. 2500, which includes my simple amendment that would require a report to Congress on those who have received security training from the United States and subsequently been sanctioned for human rights violations or terrorist activities. Security cooperation programs are a critical tool of U.S. foreign policy, especially as we increasingly rely on partner forces to protect U.S. national security interests. It is vital that we both thoroughly vet participants in our security cooperation programs, and ensure accountability after such training has been delivered. If recipients of U.S. security training go on to commit gross violations of human rights or acts of terrorism, then we need to know about it. My amendment would require the Secretaries of State and Defense to submit to Congress a report on each individual and security force unit that has received U.S. security training and been designated by the United States for human rights violations or terrorist activities at any point during the previous ten years. This reflection would yield key information helping us to ensure that U.S. security training programs are aligned with American values and that we are applying consistent standards regarding human rights. That is why I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to this bill and enhance Congress  ability to provide oversight and accountability of U.S. security cooperation programs. Mr. CASE. Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment requesting the Department of Defense to assess the status of security cooperation and assistance with Pacific Island Countries and the feasibility of expanding it. The Department of Defense currently operates a Maritime Security Initiative in the South China Sea that works to build regional capacity to address a range of maritime challenges. This effort includes a wide range of assistance including International Military Education and Training, Foreign Military Financing, operations combating the narcotics trade, and the transfer of excess defense articles. Our nation launched this program, in part, to help check Chinese influence in the region. China provides its assistance without regard for America s principles for a free and open Indo-Pacific that has governed the region since the end of World War II. Given the rise of Chinese influence in the Pacific Island Countries, the question we have before us is can this program be replicated to help the island nations in the Pacific who are seeing a push by China to expand its influence into Papua New Guinea, Vanuatu, the Solomon Islands, Fiji, the Federated States of Micronesia, Palau, Kiribati, the Marshall Islands, Nauru, and Tonga. This Chinese influence threatens the blood, sweat, and treasure spent by our country during World War II in an effort to ensure freedom and the rule of law would thrive throughout the Indo-Pacific. My amendment takes the first step to see what can be done to protect these nations who share our values and are under pressure for Chinese influence. The amendment would direct the Defense Department to assess the current status of security cooperation and assistance with Pacific Island Countries and the feasibility of expanding it to advance our national security objectives in the Indo-Pacific. I urge support of my amendment to determine how to ensure our traditional allies in region have the tools and training needed to help America ensure a free and open Indo-Pacific I listened to my friend from Texas, who I admire, but he is defending the indefensible. Partisan? I rise strongly in support of the H.J. Res. 30 today disapproving the President s unimaginable proposal to lift sanctions on three companies affiliated with a Russian gangster oligarch, Oleg Deripaska. Congress overwhelmingly passed the Countering America s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, CAATSA, in August of 2017, to hold Putin and his cronies accountable for Russian interference in our election, Russian invasions of sovereign territories of other nations, and its other malign behavior. Under that authority, the Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets Control imposed sanctions on Oleg Deripaska, a close Putin ally, and several of his companies, including United Company RUSAL, EN+ Group, and JSC EuroSibEnergo. In doing so, the Trump Treasury Department stated Deripaska has said he does not separate himself from the Russian state. Deripaska has been investigated for money laundering and has been accused of threatening the lives of business rivals, illegally wiretapping a government official, extortion, organized crime, and racketeering. This is the man you want to lift sanctions on? In addition, we have recently learned that Deripaska worked closely with Trump s former campaign manager, Paul Manafort, including on a lobbying project that Manafort said would greatly benefit the Putin government. Manafort reportedly also offered to give Deripaska private briefings about the Trump Presidential campaign. Does this sound like someone deserving of exemption from U.S. sanctions? I do want to take a moment to clarify a conversation we had here on the floor last week on sanctions legislation against Mr. Deripaska, a Russian oligarch. My remarks were passionate and aimed at the administration s proposed policy to lift sanctions on that individual. In no way did my remarks intend to reflect on the integrity of my friend from Texas, who was, in fact, comanaging the bill to oppose that action. As my friend from Texas knows, I admire him deeply, and I believe that he is a leader of integrity. Nothing I said last week was meant in any way to deflect from that. I wanted to clarify that publicly on the floor. I rise today in support of H.R. 676, the NATO Support Act, reiterating congressional support for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and prohibiting U.S. withdrawal from that organization. As we mark 70 years of the NATO alliance this year, it is critical we recognize the invaluable role that NATO has played in protecting U.S. national interests and global stability. NATO remains the foundation of U.S. foreign policy to promote a Europe that is whole, free, and at peace. NATO has invoked Article 5, the commitment to collective defense, only once in 70 years, and that invocation was on behalf of the United States after we were attacked on 9/11. As a result, nearly one-third of the fatalities suffered by coalition forces when we fought in Afghanistan to rid that country of al-Qaida and the Taliban one-third of the casualties  were from non-U.S. NATO member and partner countries. b 1715 They put their blood and their flesh on the line on behalf of this country as part of that alliance. Despite these sacrifices, unfortunately, our President has questioned the value of NATO and falsely claimed that NATO allies owe the United States money. As head of the United States delegation to the NATO Parliamentary Assembly and rapporteur for the political committee of that assembly, I can attest to the anxiety within NATO regarding this administration s commitment to the alliance. Case in point: one can t talk about the U.S. commitment to Article 5 in 2019 without mentioning President Trump s failure to embrace it in full view of our NATO allies during his first Presidential trip to Brussels in 2017. This past summer at NATO s annual summit in Brussels, President Trump injected further discord into the alliance by calling our NATO ally, Germany, a   captive of Russia   and demanding that   delinquent   alliance members increase their defense spending   immediately.   The President s provocative comments undermined the summit s goal of projecting unity in the face of renewed Russian aggression, especially given that they occurred just days before what turned out to be a very difficult, if not disastrous, Helsinki summit with Vladimir Putin. Meanwhile, Russia continues its forcible and illegal occupation in the Crimea, eastern Ukraine, Abkhazia and South Ossetia in Georgia, and parts of Moldova, and its attack on democracies throughout Europe and even in our own country. Mr. Speaker, that is why I urge my colleagues to support Mr. PANETTA s bill. This bill affirms the U.S. support for NATO and preempts any attempts to withdraw from the same. I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 326.   Mirabile dictu.   Wondrous to relate. Mr. Speaker, it is finally on the floor. I just heard a revision of history from my friend from Ohio. We were prepared to bring this resolution up on the floor in July. This has nothing to do with it. It wouldn t have even mentioned President Trump and Secretary Pompeo s strange acknowledgment of settlements that are recognized as illegal in international law. This resolution is not, as the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN) would have you believe, lacking in a recitation of all the grievances and incidents that continue to plague Israel and the Palestinian people. This is a prescription for a solution, which apparently my friend from New York is not interested in. A two-state solution has been the policy of Republican and Democratic administrations. If you want to call it partisan, you take the blame, because you on the other side of the aisle are the ones who have blocked it. it is the Republicans who steadfastly have refused even to entertain being engaged in the drafting of this resolution. So, yes, if you want to call it partisan, you own it. It is your partisanship, not ours. This is a restatement of United States policy. This is a prescription for a solution, a path toward a solution that would bring peace to both Israel and the Palestinian people. I do want to take a moment to clarify a conversation we had here on the floor last week on sanctions legislation against Mr. Deripaska, a Russian oligarch. My remarks were passionate and aimed at the administration s proposed policy to lift sanctions on that individual. In no way did my remarks intend to reflect on the integrity of my friend from Texas, who was, in fact, comanaging the bill to oppose that action. As my friend from Texas knows, I admire him deeply, and I believe that he is a leader of integrity. Nothing I said last week was meant in any way to deflect from that. I wanted to clarify that publicly on the floor. I thank my good friend for yielding me time, and I look forward to talking about the issue at hand. I, again, thank my good friend from Texas. from May 30 to June 3, 2019, the NATO Parliamentary Assembly (NATO PA) held its Spring Session in Bratislava, Slovakia. I led a bipartisan delegation to the Session, which included Representatives MICHAEL TURNER, JOHN SHIMKUS, SUSAN DAVIS, LINDA SA NCHEZ, JIM COSTA, BRETT GUTHRIE, PAUL COOK, FILEMON VELA, BRENDAN BOYLE, NEAL DUNN, JAMES SENSENBRENNER, and staff. The NATO PA was founded in 1955 to serve as an inter-parliamentary organization for NATO. The NATO PA brings together the legislators of the NATO Member States to promote awareness and understanding of challenges facing NATO and strengthen the transatlantic relationship. In February in Brussels, Belgium, we were honored to have the Speaker of the House of Representatives NANCY PELOSI address the gathered delegates of the NATO PA and attend a meeting of the North Atlantic Council. The Speaker conveyed Congress  unshakable commitment to the Alliance and was received with great warmth. In early April, NATO celebrated its 70th Anniversary with a meeting of foreign ministers in Washington, DC the site of the signing of the Washington Treaty in April 1949. On April 3, 2019, in observance of the 70th Anniversary, Mr. TURNER and I introduced H. Res. 286, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States remains committed to NATO. On April 4, 2019, at the invitation of Speaker NANCY PELOSI, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg addressed a Joint Meeting of the two houses of Congress, the first head of a multilateral organization to deliver such an address. On April 25, 2019, NATO s 100th Rose-Roth Seminar was held in Brussels, Belgium. To recognize this milestone, Ripley Rand, former United States Attorney for the Middle District of North Carolina, spoke to commemorate and reflect on the work of his godfather and cofounder of the seminars, Congressman Charlie Rose of North Carolina. On May 30, 2019, in Bratislava, NATO PA convened its Spring Session to conduct the committee work of the NATO PA. The Defense and Security Committee heard three reports. Joseph Day of Canada gave a report on modernization of arms control and Allied nuclear forces, which mentioned NATO s new nuclear deterrence policy and how this has paved the way for a potential new era of rearmament and potentially destabilizing arms race. Another report was given by Mr. Nicholas Soames of the United Kingdom on NATO s  Evolving Security in the North Atlantic,  which discussed five recommendations to help secure Allied interests and activities in the North Atlantic. Lara Martinho of Portugal delivered a report on NATO exercises and investments, which among other things identified opportunities for investment Member States can take to improve mobility of the military. The Economics and Security Committee heard a report from Ausrine Armonait of Lithuania on North Macedonia, NATO s soon to be 30th member. The head of Norway s delegation, Christian Tybring-Gjedde, gave a report on how economic sanctions can be used as a tool for foreign policy and considers the conditions under which these tools can be effective. The committee also received a report from Jean-Marie Bockel of France on the impact of digital technology on the global economy and international trade in North America and Europe. The Science and Technology Committee heard from three reports. One from Congresswoman SUSAN DAVIS on   NATO in the Cyber Age: Strengthening Security & Defence, Stabilising Deterrence,   which described the growing importance of cyber security to NATO s defense capabilities. Matej Tonin, the head of Slovenia s delegation, delivered a report on artificial intelligence, which discussed the challenges and opportunities presented by military uses for artificial intelligence and global artificial intelligence research and development. Finally, the report   NATO Anti-Submarine Warfare: Rebuilding Capability, Preparing for the Future,   was presented by Leona Alleslev of Canada. The Political Committee heard three reports. I presented my report,   NATO at 70: Why the Alliance Remains Indispensable,   which stressed that NATO s success over the past 70 years is not only due to its military capabilities, but also the fact that it is an alliance underpinned by common values. This emphasis on shared values has been pivotal in maintaining Alliance cohesion for seven decades, and it will be decisive for continued success. The Alliance must continue to insist that Allies uphold the founding democratic principles of the Alliance and consider support for democratic institutions as a condition for continued and future membership in the Alliance. Julio Calha of Portugal delivered the report   Security and Stability in Africa Challenges and Opportunities for NATO.   Also, Raynell Andreychuk of Canada presented a report on NATO s relations with Russia, addressing Russia s likely confrontational attitude toward NATO, as well as areas where NATO and Russia have common areas of interest that could be developed. Finally, the Civil Dimension of Security Committee heard a report from Ulla Schmidt of Germany, which reaffirmed the Alliance s values. The report explored NATO s historical commitment to democratic institutions and outlines recent challenges to these values. The committee also heard a report from Jane Cordy of Canada, examining Ukraine five years after the Revolution of Dignity. Finally, Lord Jopling of the United Kingdom, presented a report that emphasized that border security has become a top priority for many NATO Allies and examined border management strategies on both sides of the Atlantic. During the Spring Session, the United States Delegation also met with the Speaker of the Slovakian Parliament Andrej Danko and was hosted by the German delegation for a bilateral working lunch. I want to thank the members of the U.S. Delegation who work hard to support the NATO Parliamentary Assembly and in doing so demonstrate a steadfast commitment to transatlantic security and maintaining a Europe that is whole, free, and at peace. I also want to recognize the incredible support the NATO PA and our delegation receive from the Speaker of the House. It is noticed and appreciated on both sides of the Atlantic. Our delegation will continue its work in London in October at the 2019 Annual Session of the NATO PA. rise today, Madam Speaker, in support of H.R. 596, the Crimea Annexation Non-recognition Act, which we introduced together, as I said, with Mr. CHABOT of Ohio. This bill states unequivocally that it is the policy of the United States not to recognize the Russian Federation s claim of sovereignty over Crimea, its airspace, or its territorial waters. Furthermore, the bill prohibits the United States Government from taking any action that could possibly apply recognition of Russian sovereignty over Crimea. Putin s forcible and illegal annexation of Crimea, the first forcible seizure of territory in Europe since World War II, undermines Ukrainian sovereignty and threatens the stability of Europe. Acquiescence on the part of the United States would threaten the security of all sovereign nations. Who is next? Moldova, Georgia, the Baltic States? It is the longstanding policy of our country not to recognize territorial changes elected by force, as dictated by the Stimson Doctrine established in 1932 by then-Secretary of State Henry Stimson, a Republican under a Republican President, Herbert Hoover. We upheld that doctrine with the issuance of the Welles Declaration in 1940, which stated emphatically that the United States would not recognize the illegal annexation at that time of the Baltic States by the Soviet Union. That policy remained in effect for 50 long years. Some thought it quixotic. For more than those 50 years, we stood by those Baltic republics of Estonia, Lithuania, and Latvia, sometimes in the face of ridicule. Today, they are independent nations and members of the NATO alliance. The collective wisdom of the previous and current administrations, Congress, our European allies, and the American public is that similar principles must be adopted with respect to Crimea. Crimea was Putin s original violation in Ukraine, and we have limited credibility objecting to Russia s subsequent invasion of the Luhansk and Donetsk areas of that country. If we do not take a stand with respect to Crimea, then we are just quibbling over the price. What has happened in Ukraine Russia s forcible and illegal annexation of Crimea, invasion of the eastern part of the country, and continued occupation has precipitated an international crisis, and the resulting conflict has claimed more than 10,000 lives. Russia has subjected Crimeans who refuse Russian citizenship to discrimination in accessing education, healthcare, and employment, and Russian authorities have attacked travel rights and the free press. The matter of rejecting the forcible and illegal attack on sovereign territory is so important that we should be satisfied with nothing less than absolute clarity about our position, which is that we support Ukraine s sovereignty over Crimea. The Obama administration established a nonrecognition policy toward Russian sovereignty over Crimea and levied sanctions against individuals and entities enabling Russia s illegal occupation. Our allies in Europe have stood with us, shoulder to shoulder, in emphasizing and enforcing those sanctions. Congress codified the Obama Crimea sanctions and has repeatedly used the power of the purse to prohibit the use of government funds for any action that could possibly recognize de jure or de facto illegal annexation of Crimea. The fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act included similar language to that contained in our bill today, in order to prohibit the use of defense funds in a manner that could be construed as recognition of Russian sovereignty over Crimea. That language has remained in the NDAA ever since. In the Countering America s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, Congress reiterated its support for the Stimson Doctrine and its application to the illegal invasions by Russia and occupations of Abkhazia and South Ossetia in Georgia, Crimea and Eastern Ukraine, and the Transnistria region in Moldova. The United States must lead the way in refusing to recognize or legitimize Russia s illegal acts and its forcible annexation of Crimea. That is why I am so proud to offer this bill, along with Mr. CHABOT, that expresses the will of Congress as loud and as clear as we can, and I urge my colleagues unanimously to support it. each of us here took an oath to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States, not the President, and not our political party. Today, history will judge. Did we abide that oath? To extort a foreign country to investigate your political opponent is an unconstitutional abuse of power. To solicit foreign interference in an American election is an unconstitutional abuse of power. The need to protect against just such abuses prompted our Founders to grant the sole power of impeachment to this House. The delicate balance of power that underpins our democracy is threatened when a President disregards the Constitution by obstructing Congress  power in order to cover up illegal behavior. In doing that, President Trump violated his oath. Today, we must put country over party, conscience over complicity. Today, we must assert no one is above the law. Today, we are summoned by history to do the right thing. the For the People Act of 2019, of which I am a proud cosponsor, delivers on the promise to reform American democracy by protecting voting rights and our elections, improving the transparency of campaign finance, and promoting ethics and accountability. Key to safeguarding voting rights is ensuring that our voting system is secure and free from interference by foreign actors. My amendment to H.R. 1 would help States implement voting system security improvements in order to enhance the integrity of our Federal election infrastructure. Adapted from the FAST Voting Act, H.R. 1512, which I recently reintroduced with my colleague, Representative JIM LANGEVIN of Rhode Island, this amendment to H.R. 1 would award supplementary grants to State applicants based on evidence of previous election security reforms and plans for implementing additional innovations. This race-to-the-top model would incentivize States to adopt best practices, including providing voting machines that are less than 10 years old, maintaining offline backups of voter registration lists, and providing a secure platform for disseminating vote totals. According to the Brennan Center for Justice, in the 2016 Federal elections, voters relied on outdated voting equipment that was more than a decade old in 43 of the 50 States, Mr. Chairman. My amendment would also instruct the Election Assistance Commission, when evaluating State grant applications, to consider evidence of collaboration between relevant stakeholders, including local election officials, in developing the grant implementation plan and the State s plan to evaluate the effectiveness of its grant activities. We now know that Russia directly targeted State voter databases and software systems in 39 States during the 2016 Federal elections. That effort by Russia and additional foreign entities to conduct robust influence operations persisted, sadly, in the 2018 midterm elections, and the U.S. intelligence community expects such attacks to continue through the 2020 Federal elections. Numerous witnesses before the Homeland Security Committee testified on the ongoing need for investment to protect us from such attacks. The need to strengthen the integrity of our voting system is crystal clear, Mr. Chairman. We have a moral obligation as Members of Congress to protect the sacred nature of the results of every election, and it is urgent. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this simple but, I think, helpful amendment to move us toward voter security in the next election and enhance cybersecurity for all of our Federal election infrastructure. Mr. Chairman, I am delighted to see there is no opposition here on the floor I understand we have a difference of opinion, and I do deeply respect my friend from Texas and his substantive and thoughtful contributions to our foreign policy debate in our committee, but I must disagree with the argument that we ought to be focused on only one thing right now. As grave as the coronavirus crisis is and I would be happy to talk about that and the missteps of this administration in making it worse Congress is the people s body. We are here defending the legislative branch of government and its constitutional role on matters of war and peace. What could be more serious? The fact that we are here the third time doesn t make it any less grave or serious. It underlines the importance of the issue and the fact that many of us in this body are going to continue to be here on the floor until Congress reasserts the role the chairman outlined for us that is the constitutional role. We have allowed way too much power to gravitate to the executive branch. We have abrogated our responsibilities here in Congress for decades. We like having it both ways. We tsk-tsk when the executive branch, we think, crosses the line, but we don t want to take responsibility for it. This resolution asks Congress to do just that: stand up and take responsibility, while holding the executive branch accountable. President Trump ordered a provocative and disproportionate drone strike that killed the Iranian Quds Forces commander, Major General Qasem Soleimani, a bad actor, but that begs the question: Should we have done it? And, oh, by the way, what level of consultation and intelligence ought to be shared with the legislative branch that has constitutional responsibility for matters of war and peace? We know the administration had to do some fast footwork to rationalize why now, why him, why there, and, oh, by the way, what are the consequences of doing that? In all of those questions, even with a formal briefing of Congress, the administration simply did not have good answers. In fact, they had contradictory answers. Taking Soleimani out, my friend from Texas says, was a good thing. Well, it is not without consequences. We evacuated nonessential personnel from Iraq as a consequence of that move because of the terror threat. One hundred U.S. military personnel suffered brain damage or head damage because of the retaliatory strikes on the U.S. base in Iraq. These things have consequences.  rise in support of my good friend BARBARA LEE s longstanding amendment, which would repeal the 2002 Authorization for Use of Military Force against Iraq. More than 17 years ago, Congress passed a resolution authorizing the equivalent of war with Iraq, a war I opposed then. It stretches credulity to claim that same resolution now extends authorization to the President s order to assassinate a foreign leader from Iran. Yet, that is precisely what the White House would have you believe. This AUMF is obsolete, and it is far past time that Congress make crystal clear to the administration, our allies, and our adversaries, as well as our constituents, the circumstances under which we would authorize engagement by our men and women in uniform. The Lee amendment repeals a misguided AUMF that has had disastrous consequences, and it reasserts Congress  Article I authorities as provided and mandated by the Constitution of the United States. Let s live up to our constitutional responsibility. Madam Speaker, let s support this amendment and get back to constitutional responsibilities and powers. Mr. MCCAUL. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON), who was deployed to the Middle East four times during his 30-year career with the United States Air Force before his retirement as a brigadier general. Mr. BACON. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to this amendment and to the disrespectful manner in which it was brought to the people s House. It is strategically reckless and naive, and both amendments politicize our most serious constitutional obligation and willfully bypass regular order just to score political points against our President. Like many of my colleagues and my fellow veterans in the House, I agree it is long past due to update the two Authorizations for Use of Military Force now in effect. We owe our citizens and servicemembers an honest debate on the use of military force. Madam Speaker, 18 years is too long for this AUMF. We are not living up to our constitutional duties. But let s be clear: This is not what this amendment does. Rather than confront reality that American security at home requires the principled use of force abroad, repealing the 2002 AUMF without a replacement will trigger our immediate withdrawal from Iraq. Our military leaders have been clear. Without the 2002 AUMF or a suitable replacement, they cannot continue their missions in Iraq and defend themselves against Iranian-backed militias, the same militias that killed another American last month and attacked us again just 3 days ago. Ask yourselves: Who benefits from this vote? It is Iran. Who loses from this vote? It is Iraq, the Kurds, and every U.S. partner in the Middle East. Our security will be compromised. To our Democratic colleagues, you may think this is a free vote, that the Senate may not support or a veto will give you cover, but you would be wrong. A vote to repeal the 2002 AUMF without a replacement will embolden Iran and ISIS and sends an unmistakable message to every U.S. partner around the world that Congress has lost its resolve and that partisanship trumps America s national security and reason. For the record, attaching these two provisions to a Congressional Gold Medal vote for the purpose of avoiding a motion to recommit is beneath the dignity of this Chamber and shameful by the majority, and it is disrespectful to the World War II veterans it recognizes. Madam Speaker, I oppose this feckless amendment.  rise in support of H. Con. Res. 83, directing the President to cease military hostilities against Iran. Last week, President Trump ordered a provocative and disproportionate drone strike, killing Quds Force commander Major General Qasem Soleimani. Soleimani was a malign actor who masterminded the killings of many U.S. soldiers, but assassinating him has unleashed the dogs of war. Iran launched a dozen ballistic missiles against two U.S. military bases in Iraq, and we must be prepared for further Iranian retaliation. These threats stem from the President s fateful and reckless decision to withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal, a deal that was working by every measure, leaving us with no leverage and Iran with nothing to lose. We don t need another war. Peace demands action now. That is why Congress must reassert its solemn constitutional duty under Article I to decide when and where the United States goes to war. This resolution does just that. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it. Madam Speaker, on Tuesday night, Iran launched at least a dozen ballistic missiles against two U.S. military bases in Iraq. Thankfully, there were no American casualties, but I remain concerned about further Iranian retaliation. These attacks come after President Trump ordered a drone strike that assassinated Iranian Quds Force commander Major General Qasem Soleimani. Soleimani was a bad actor and masterminded the killings of many U.S. soldiers in Iraq and Lebanon. He will not be missed. But killing Soleimani was supposed to make us safer. In reality, the President s order has unleashed the dogs of war. What is unfolding now is the result of the Trump Administration s incoherent foreign policy, stemming from its fateful and reckless decision to withdraw the United States from our own agreement, the Iran nuclear deal. By all accounts, prior to our withdrawal, Iran was in compliance with the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). It was only after our withdrawal, and re-imposition of sanctions lifted under the agreement, that Iran began to exceed its stockpile of low-enriched uranium, and then resume uranium enrichment. Following the Soleimani strike, Iran has vowed to ignore all restrictions set by the nuclear deal. This move has set in motion the very thing we were seeking to avoid a nuclear-armed Iran. Our abrogation of the Iran nuclear agreement leaves us with no leverage and Iran with nothing to lose. Iran and its proxy forces have engaged in a series of retaliatory actions: attacks on oil tankers in the Persian Gulf, downing an American drone in international waters, cruise missile attacks against Saudi oil plants, and rocket attacks against U.S. forces in Iraq. Secretary of State Pompeo claimed,   The world is a much safer place, and I can assure you, Americans in the region are much safer after the demise of Qasem Soleimani.   And yet, in the wake of Soleimani s killing, the State Department has urged Americans to leave Iraq immediately whether by air or by land, and put Americans in the region on high alert. Two years ago, I warned that we were sleepwalking into an armed conflict. That the hidden scandal of the Iraq War the manipulation of intelligence to support a predetermined outcome was now an overt political strategy to undermine the Iran nuclear deal. I fear now that these steps have brought us to the brink of war with Iran. According to Pompeo,   this was an intelligence-based assessment that drove our decision-making process.   Yet, when asked about the imminent threat facing Americans from Soleimani, Pompeo pointed to a previous attack in Iraq that killed an American contractor and injured four servicemembers, not a new, imminent threat. Yesterday, the Trump Administration offered a sophomoric and utterly unconvincing briefing to members of Congress on the strike s rationale. President Trump s decision to assassinate Soleimani was provocative and disproportionate and has endangered American lives and the security of the region. We don t need another war. Peace demands action now. That is why Congress must reassert its constitutional authority to decide when and where the United States goes to war. Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution states that   Congress shall have power . . . to declare war . . . and to raise and support armies   and other armed forces. And today the House of Representatives will make clear that Congress has not authorized President Trump to go to war with Iran. Neither the 2001 nor the 2002 Authorization for the Use of Military Force (AUMF) authorize the President to attack Iran or its senior officials. I urge my colleagues in both the House and the Senate to support this war powers resolution, and reclaim our solemn constitutional duty to determine when the United States puts our uniformed men and women in harm s way. thank my good friend, ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON, who is managing today s bill to right a wrong, but unfortunately, because D.C. does not have a vote here in the Congress, she won t be able to cast a vote on final passage of her own bill.  wrong. And you hear the contortions on the other side of the aisle to continue to justify a fundamental right being denied 700,000 fellow Americans who pay taxes, who fight in our wars and serve in government, who have families, who are Americans, but have no votes in the United States Congress. They are bigger than five States. They hide behind the Constitution. The Constitution was written before they even knew where the capital of the United States would be, before a blade of grass was touched to construct Washington, D.C. No one at that time could have envisioned the metropolis of 700,000 Americans, let alone that they would be denied their fundamental American right. Let s cede it to Maryland. Two problems: Maryland doesn t want D.C. and D.C. doesn t want to be in Maryland. The consent of the governed is a fundamental part of the American architecture, which you conveniently overlook. And then there is the right to be represented, another fundamental right denied D.C.  thank my good friend from California for her brilliant leadership on this very important matter. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bill, the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act of 2020. I am proud to cosponsor this long-overdue proposal to end brutality in law enforcement and to address the systemic racism that has marred American law enforcement for too long. With this legislation, we finally say enough is enough. We have had enough of racial and religious profiling. We have had enough of no-knock warrants and chokeholds. We have had enough of qualified immunity and enough of police using military-grade equipment on our streets. This bill will help us move from, frankly, a culture of impunity all too often in our law enforcement entities to a culture of accountability. We serve the public, whether we are in law enforcement or whether in the Halls of Congress. This bill reaffirms that principle in a democracy. I am proud to support it in the memory of the murdered George Floyd.",dim1,CR,-0.307,-0.038
wexton,"when the American people sent us to Congress, they sent us here with policies they wished us to act upon a wish list, if you will. And now, in the holiday season, let s reflect on what we have delivered for the American people from that wish list. Federal workers will receive a 3.1 percent pay increase and, for the first time ever, 12 weeks of paid parental leave two important priorities that I have fought for since I was sworn into office. Just last week, we passed sweeping legislation that would help lower the skyrocketing cost of prescription drugs. the House can t fulfill its wish list all on our own. We need the Senate to vote on the bills that we passed in this Chamber. And just like the Grinch whose heart grew three sizes just in time to save Christmas, Senator MCCONNELL can still deliver on the American family s holiday wish list. Madam Speaker, today in America, women still make only $0.80, on average, for every dollar a man makes, and that disparity is even greater for women of color. Women are the sole or co-breadwinners in two-thirds of American families with children. When we pay women less, we hurt American families, and we hurt our economy. The pay gap isn t a myth. It is math. For a woman working full time, the current wage gap represents a loss of more than $400,000 over the course of her career. Tomorrow, the House of Representatives has a real opportunity to tell women in America that they deserve equal pay for equal work. Tomorrow, we can send a message that when women succeed, America succeeds. Let s bring America into the 21st century. Let s pass H.R. 7, the Paycheck Fairness Act. My amendment, No. 401, would examine the feasibility of piloting a workforce transition program for ActiveDuty servicemen and -women who are currently in counterintelligence roles to give them the opportunity to obtain additional security clearance credentials upon their separation from service. A problem that many servicemembers in counterintelligence face upon separation from the military is that they are unable to transition their security clearances to be eligible to start work immediately for, or in support of, a Federal intelligence agency. The wait time to transition a security clearance can take over a year, and many of these individuals are forced to consider taking a lower paying job while they wait for the process to move forward, or we lose these individuals entirely when they take jobs in the private sector outside the intelligence community. These are members serving in roles that are in critical needs areas for our intelligence areas, such as cyberspace operations, cyber electronic warfare, and military intelligence. Because of these difficulties, our intelligence agencies are losing out on a highly qualified and diverse talent pool whose skills and training have already been paid for by the Federal Government. Madam Chair, my amendment would help ensure that those veterans who have service in our military s intelligence fields, can continue to use their abilities to protect our Nation well beyond their military service. a constituent of mine named Josh aged out of his parent s health insurance when he turned 26. Josh was a Type 1 diabetic and by then, his insulin cost was nearly $1,200 per month. So he switched to over-the-counter insulin because, like so many others, he couldn t afford the prescription brand recommended by his doctors. Already on a tight budget, Josh was engaged and wanted to save up some money for his wedding and building a new life with his fiancee. His mother knew that he had changed his medication and when she would check on him, his blood sugar would be high, but he assured her that he was all right and the insulin was working. He was alone at work in June of this year when he suffered a series of strokes that would prove fatal, and it was his fiancee who found him. We have miracle drugs that can save lives, but they don t do any good when the American people can t afford them. In April, I hosted a roundtable with constituents and healthcare providers about the skyrocketing price of diabetes medication. Nurses and pharmacists shared stories about patients who had no option but to ration their insulin, putting their lives and their health in serious jeopardy. One, who ran a free clinic, spoke about how refugees were absolutely stunned at how much more Americans were paying for their prescription drugs than they had in the countries that they were fleeing from. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support H.R. 3, the Elijah Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act because the inability to afford necessary drugs should not be a death sentence in the United States of America. We are going to give HHS the power to negotiate lower drug prices for the American people. And those lower prices will be available not only to Medicare beneficiaries, but also to Americans with private health insurance. With the projected savings from this bill, nearly half a trillion dollars, we will provide vision, dental, and hearing benefits for all Medicare beneficiaries and invest in new medical research. American families and seniors should not pay more for their medications than what the drug companies charge people in other countries. This bill is a win for the American people. It represents a historic investment in Medicare and historic savings on the cost of prescription drugs. Without this legislation, the rising price of prescription drugs will continue to take a toll on the finances of American families, and in worst cases, cost lives. What happened to Josh should never happen to anyone in this country. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this lifesaving legislation. I rise today in support of H. Res. 271, a resolution condemning the Trump administration s legal campaign to take away America s healthcare. Here is what healthcare means: it is the freedom and security to live your life the way you choose. It can be the difference between financial security and bankruptcy, or life and death. Donald Trump and congressional Republicans want to use the courts to take health insurance away from 21 million Americans. They want to eliminate protections for the more than 133 million Americans with preexisting conditions. Now, the Affordable Care Act is not perfect, but never in American history has the uninsured rate been lower than it is today. But rather than be honest about what is working, rather than coming to the table to work across the aisle and fix what is wrong, Republicans are fighting tooth and nail to overturn the ACA, with no plan except one that was so bad, they couldn t pass it when they controlled both houses of Congress. Meanwhile, the Democratic majority is proposing real solutions and smart healthcare policies that will lower costs and expand coverage. The contrast couldn t be more clear. Democrats want quality, affordable health coverage for every American, and Republicans don t. I thank the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY) for introducing this important bipartisan legislation. My amendment to H.R. 1309 is a clarifying amendment to ensure that nothing in this act shall be construed to limit or diminish any existing protections in relevant Federal, State, or local law related to domestic violence, stalking, dating violence, or sexual assault. According to a 2016 OSHA report, approximately 75 percent of the nearly 25,000 workplace assaults reported each year occur in healthcare and social service settings, and workers in healthcare settings are four times more likely to be assaulted at work than workers in other sectors. These cases have led to psychological trauma, not only for the victim, but also for those who have witnessed these attacks, as well as serious injury and even death. b 1115 With workplace violence on the rise, it is vital that Congress address this issue to ensure the safety of workers, and that is why this bill is so important. While most incidents of workplace violence fit the definition of simple assault, a study by the Joint Commission showed that sexual assault, rape, and stalking are not uncommon. Approximately 38 States include rape, sexual assault, and stalking in their definition of domestic violence. My amendment makes it clear that nothing in the underlying legislation preempts or diminishes these protections in any way. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, less than 30 percent of U.S. workplaces have a formal program or policy that addresses workplace violence, and 7 out of 10 workplaces do not have formal domestic violence programs or policy. That means that more than 70 percent of U.S. workplaces have inadequate protections against workplace violence. Innova Health Systems, one of the major healthcare providers in Northern Virginia, recently conducted a survey at their hospital in my district on the incidence and cost of nurse workplace violence perpetrated by hospital patients or patient visitors. The results showed that 75 percent of nurses experienced violence within the past year, with emergency nurses experiencing significantly greater number of incidents. Nurses reported many barriers to reporting these incidents, including unclear reporting policies, fear of retaliation, and the disheartening perception that violence just comes with the job. These statistics show that the current voluntary efforts to prevent workplace violence are not working. The results of the Innova survey highlight a real need for effective training and clear, convenient reporting programs and environments that support workers who are experiencing violence. This bill seeks to address this need. As a former domestic violence prosecutor, I have seen firsthand how laws protect and provide valuable resources to the more than 12 million individuals who are survivors of violent crime. I offer this amendment to ensure that it is abundantly clear that workplace violence prevention plans developed under this bill complement existing legal protections against domestic violence and sexual assault and in no way diminishes or limit those protections. It is crucial that our laws at the State, Federal, and local levels continue to help and support victims of domestic violence, stalking, dating violence, and sexual assault, which is precisely what my amendment does. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. I rise in support of H.R. 1414, the FinCEN Improvement Act, bipartisan legislation I introduced with my Financial Services Committee colleague and fellow Virginian, Congressman DENVER RIGGLEMAN. This is a practical bill that will help modernize the duties of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, otherwise known as FinCEN. The mission of FinCEN is to safeguard the financial system from crimes or illicit use, such as terrorist financing; combat money laundering; and promote national security through the collection, analysis, and dissemination of financial information and intelligence. H.R. 1414 would do three things to further their important mission. First is in the area of investigation into terror financing. FinCEN is currently authorized to combat international terrorism but fails to mention domestic terror activities. While international terror threats remain present and relevant, the threat landscape has expanded considerably and also includes domestic terror groups that commit crimes to further their agendas. H.R. 1414 will amend the FinCEN authorizing legislation to clarify its role in investigating and combating terror threats, be they foreign or domestic. FinCEN is already doing important work to combat domestic terrorism, but the bill will clarify its role and correct this oversight in the statute Second, the virtual currency landscape is rapidly evolving and many of these technologies did not exist when previous laws and regulations were written. H.R. 1414 will help FinCEN combat emerging methods of financing illicit activity, including the use of cryptocurrency. Finally, the FinCEN Improvement Act builds on existing relationships with law enforcement partners by ensuring that FinCEN has the authority to work not only with Federal, State, and local law enforcement, but also with Tribal law enforcement across the country. my amendment provides $7 million for the FAA to continue its work developing the remote tower pilot program. Remote towers are a simple but revolutionary concept: Provide air traffic control services from any location. With remote tower technology, highdefinition cameras and other sensors are installed in an airport and feed video and data in real time to a remote tower center. Remote towers offer a promising new way for the FAA and airports to address air traffic without breaking the bank, saving on construction and maintenance costs that come with building a traditional air traffic control tower. In addition to these cost savings, remote towers provide additional capabilities beyond the out-of-the-window view, such as integration of local weather information, tracking moving objects, and the overlay of radar and surveillance information about an aircraft. Remote tower systems can outline the edges of runways, taxiways, and airport structure, enhance visibility in fog, rain, and other adverse weather, and incorporate infrared cameras to provide night vision. The cameras can be filtered to minimize glare on a bright day or to add light when it is difficult to see at sunrise or dusk or on overcast days. I am pleased that the first remote tower in the system is undergoing testing in my district at Leesburg Executive Airport. The project was launched in 2014 to address the justified need for an air traffic control tower. The airport has more than 100,000 operations annually and is located in a complex airspace just miles away from Dulles International Airport. the National Air Traffic Controllers Association agrees it would be shortsighted not to continue the remote tower pilot program at this point. If funding is not appropriated, the FAA s activities related to certifying remote towers would cease, and the valuable work that has been done to understand the technology, develop operations, train controllers, and conduct safety analysis will be put on hold. In addition, the FAA won t have the resources to install remote tower technology at other airports and evaluate future system improvements and innovations. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and to continue advancement of remote tower technology as a cost-effective alternative for providing air traffic control services. I rise in support of this amendment, which would require the FCC to submit to Congress a plan for how the Commission will evaluate and address problems with the collection on form 477 of data regarding the deployment of broadband internet access service. Form 477 is used by the FCC to determine which providers are if any providing services in various areas, and it is the government s main source of data used for identifying underserved areas of opportunity. This amendment is needed because it has been more than 20 months or almost 2 years since the FCC originally sought comment on ways to improve the value of the data they collect through form 477. Having better data and the creation of improved maps is essential to ensuring that service providers and government have the tools that we need to truly make universal broadband internet access a reality. Too many residents of my district, and many other districts as well, lack affordable or any broadband internet access. This untenable situation is only made worse by maps and data charts that don t accurately reflect this experience of our constituents on the ground. Consumers should not bear the responsibility or burden of reporting on an issue that the FCC and service providers should actively be working to address rise in strong support of H. Res. 790 and in strong support of a long-overdue cost-of-living increase for Federal civil servants. Many will remember the President s callous executive order of December 30, right in the middle of the shutdown, freezing Federal workers  salaries while hundreds of thousands of them were furloughed or, worse, working without pay. Federal employees are not the swamp, as some would have you believe. Federal employees are the people who make sure that Social Security checks are mailed on time each month. They are the scientists researching cures for cancer. They are tour guides in our national parks. They are FBI agents investigating criminal activity. They are the air traffic controllers and TSA agents keeping us safe when we fly. We saw during the shutdown how important every dollar of every paycheck is for Federal employees to pay their bills, to pay their rent, to pay their mortgage, to afford childcare, to pay off their student loans, and, yes, even to feed their families. It is time to give Federal employees the pay raise and the respect they deserve, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 2290, the Shutdown Guidance for Financial Institutions Act. This legislation would help protect Federal employees, government contractors, and small business owners from some of the financial hardships that arise from a government shutdown. The shutdown that lasted from late December 2018 through January of this year, the longest in our Nation s history, stretched 35 days and cost the economy billions of dollars. For more than a month, paychecks were put on hold for 800,000 Federal employees and work-stop orders went on to Federal contractors, resulting in tens of thousands of layoffs. Unlike Federal workers, contractors did not receive backpay. Thousands of families saw their lives upended. Missing one paycheck is a hardship for many, but missing two can be devastating. Not only were people struggling to make their rent or mortgage payments, some had to rely on food pantries to feed their families or ration their insulin because they could not afford the copay. This was through no fault of their own. During this time, a lot of companies stepped up with offers of assistance for people impacted by the shutdowns, including banks and credit unions that offered flexible payment options and no-interest loans. This was especially important for employees in the national security community because financial difficulties can damage their credit scores and put their security clearances and, therefore, their livelihoods at risk. While it is positive to see so many lenders taking proactive steps to mitigate harm, there were still issues and confusion at some financial institutions, and regulator guidance from the Federal Government was slow to come. It was not until the 20th day of the shutdown that financial regulators provided guidance, encouraging banks to work with borrowers and account holders affected by the shutdown, and letting banks know that such efforts would not be subject to examiner criticism. During the shutdown in 2013, it wasn t until the ninth day that similar guidance was released. Let me give you an example of why this matters. I want to read part of a letter that I received from a desperate constituent in the middle of the last shutdown. She wrote:   My husband and I recently sold our home and put an offer on another home in the area. . . . The mortgage financing for our new home was all set before the government shutdown. Our closing date is set for January 28, 2019, on the new house. Today, we learned that the mortgage company is denying our mortgage application because I am furloughed. They consider me unemployed and too much of a risk to finance.   Thankfully, my constituent and her lender were able to work through this problem. The mortgage was eventually approved, but this never should have happened in the first place. My legislation would essentially automate the process of issuing guidance by requiring Federal financial regulators to release guidance within 24 hours of the start of a shutdown. It also includes reporting requirements on the effectiveness of the guidance and requires regulators to fix any shortcomings that are identified. Madam Speaker, despite the uncertainty and the hardship of the last few years, Federal workers have shown a steadfast commitment to service. They serve in every congressional district in every State, carrying out countless vital responsibilities on behalf of the American people. They deserve way better than the way they have been treated This amendment requests a GAO report on how funding cuts to the navigator program and to Affordable Care Act marketing and outreach have impacted health insurance enrollment and the cost of coverage on the individual markets. Navigator programs provide critical assistance to consumers by raising awareness about the availability of marketplace plans, assisting people as they apply for Federal subsidies, and providing impartial information about different marketplace plans. Importantly, these programs help otherwise hard-to-reach groups get health insurance coverage, including people living in rural and underserved communities. The Trump administration has made significant funding cuts to the navigator program, however, providing only $10 million in funding for the program for 2019, an 80 percent reduction over the past 2 years. Navigator funding in my home State of Virginia has been reduced by an astounding 76 percent between 2016 and 2018, down from approximately $2.2 million in 2016 to just $525,000 in 2018. To manage these cuts, programs have had to lay off staff, close offices, and limit their availability to help consumers. The administration s cuts hamper navigators  ability to do their jobs, leaving many consumers on their own during the enrollment process, and, as a result, people may not obtain coverage on the individual market, causing people who do get coverage to see their premiums increase. Constituents in my district and people throughout the U.S. rely on navigators to learn about coverage options and to enroll in the best possible healthcare plans for them. We need to know how the administration s drastic funding cuts have impacted the individual markets, and this amendment will allow us to do that. My amendment, No. 401, would examine the feasibility of piloting a workforce transition program for ActiveDuty servicemen and -women who are currently in counterintelligence roles to give them the opportunity to obtain additional security clearance credentials upon their separation from service. A problem that many servicemembers in counterintelligence face upon separation from the military is that they are unable to transition their security clearances to be eligible to start work immediately for, or in support of, a Federal intelligence agency. The wait time to transition a security clearance can take over a year, and many of these individuals are forced to consider taking a lower paying job while they wait for the process to move forward, or we lose these individuals entirely when they take jobs in the private sector outside the intelligence community. These are members serving in roles that are in critical needs areas for our intelligence areas, such as cyberspace operations, cyber electronic warfare, and military intelligence. Because of these difficulties, our intelligence agencies are losing out on a highly qualified and diverse talent pool whose skills and training have already been paid for by the Federal Government. Madam Chair, my amendment would help ensure that those veterans who have service in our military s intelligence fields, can continue to use their abilities to protect our Nation well beyond their military service. rise in support of H. Res. 79, which is my resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that government shutdowns are detrimental to the Nation and should not occur. Mr. Speaker, between December 22 and January 25, more than 800,000 Federal workers went without pay because of the Trump shutdown. Saying that shutdowns harm the American people and the economy should not be controversial. These facts are not up for debate, or at least they shouldn t be. But yesterday, members of the Freedom Caucus basically tried to shut down the House of Representatives because they objected to a sentence in the resolution that said the President shut down the government to achieve a legislative end. Now, he did. We all saw him say it on television, and we have seen it many, many times since then. But I am a brand-new legislator, and I am all about getting to   yes   and finding consensus, so the offending clause has been removed from this resolution and should not be a problem anymore. For 35 days, our workers were forced to go without a paycheck. That is two pay periods that workers had to make difficult financial decisions for themselves and for their families. Essential services were halted; national parks were shuttered; and our national security was compromised during this time. TSA screeners and air traffic controllers were forced to work without pay. FBI offices had to delay indictments against violent criminals. The CBO estimated the effect of the Trump shutdown to be $11 billion, with more than a quarter of that amount permanently lost. The shutdown also impacted our Federal Government s ability to recruit and retain career public servants, with many Federal workers reconsidering their career choices after this shutdown irreparably harmed them. On December 20, the President announced that he would refuse to sign legislation that had been unanimously passed by the Senate just the day before due to his insistence that Congress provide funding to build a wall along the southern border. This was not a priority before Democrats took over the House of Representatives, but all of a sudden, it was a crisis. This resulted in the longest government shutdown in American history. Mr. Speaker, my resolution highlights the substantial burdens that were placed on the American people from the President of the United States attempting to use a government shutdown to get a policy win. Nobody wins when the government shuts down. My district is home to tens of thousands of Federal workers and government contractors, and the impact of the shutdown was felt in my district almost immediately. I also have heard from people all over the country who were impacted by the shutdown, including an air traffic controller who told me about the stress that going two pay periods without pay added to what is already one of the most stressful jobs in the Nation. I heard from a family who had to give up their Christmas entirely and who asked their children to hold their money, because they needed to make sure they had the funds to buy food during the prolonged shutdown. I heard from the CEO of a small business in my district that relies on Federal contracts with the Federal Government who was worried about how he was going to continue to pay his workers when his invoices from the Federal Government were not being paid. Meanwhile, the guidance from the administration to workers without paychecks was to suggest they take out loans, have a garage sale, babysit, drive for Uber, become a mystery shopper, or ask their landlord for an extension on their rent. On January 24, the Secretary of Commerce, Wilbur Ross, made comments on live news expressing confusion about why Federal employees who have been furloughed or are working without pay had to receive assistance at food banks. These unreasonable suggestions from the administration and the comments from Secretary Ross showed just how out of touch the administration is when it comes to our Federal workers, many of whom do live paycheck to paycheck. We have an opportunity to make it clear that shutting down the Government of the United States is not an acceptable strategy to resolve policy differences. Mr. Speaker, after all they have been through, we owe assurances to the millions of Federal civilian workers, including the hundreds of thousands who were furloughed earlier this month, that Congress will ensure continued, uninterrupted operations of the Federal Government. my district lies just outside of Washington, D.C., in northern Virginia, and is home to tens of thousands of Federal workers and contractors. Since I was sworn in on Thursday, I have received hundreds of calls, emails, and social media outreach from my constituents whose lives are upended. I would like to read one of those messages now. I am a Federal employee who used the last of his discretionary funds this week to attend his grandfather s funeral. Now I m preparing to file for unemployment. My wife has to try to get a job despite her severe and crippling disability, and we ve had to return some of the Christmas presents for ourselves, our four-year-old son, and our six-year-old daughter. We ve always lived paycheck to paycheck because of the high cost of living in northern Virginia, and we don t have the option to take out loans because we incurred so much debt moving to the area and dealing with our family s medical bills. Right now I am contacting our utilities and mortgage company to see if we can push out the deadlines for bills. I gave up military service to join the civil service and have been so disheartened to see the lack of respect for our Federal employees. Mr. Speaker, we owe our Federal employees better than this. I call on the Senate and the President to do the right thing and end this shutdown now. today is payday for Federal workers, but instead of receiving a paycheck, many, including thousands of my constituents, will be going without. I had a visit from a constituent yesterday who is an air traffic controller at Washington Center in Leesburg, Virginia, one of the busiest air traffic control centers in the Nation. She worked 80 hours over the past 2 weeks and received a paycheck for zero dollars. You can t pay your mortgage with zero dollars. You can t buy groceries with zero dollars. You can t pay your medical bills or fill up your gas tank with zero dollars. Madam Speaker, Federal employees want to go back to work. They believe in their mission and want to provide quality services for the American people. They shouldn t have to sell off their belongings or return their children s Christmas presents just to make ends meet. They shouldn t have to wonder how they are going to survive. Our national parks are filling up with trash. Many TSA security screeners can t afford to commute to work. The FDA is not inspecting our food supply. Our hardworking Federal employees are doing their jobs. It is time for President Trump and Senator MCCONNELL to do theirs. my district in Northern Virginia is home to tens of thousands of Federal workers, and even more contractors who work alongside them. I have heard from hundreds of constituents about how the shutdown has turned their lives upside down, like Teresa, who is a furloughed Federal worker. She and her husband recently sold their home and signed a contract to purchase another one in my district. The mortgage financing for their purchase was all set and approved before the shutdown. Their closing date is set for next Monday, the 28th, 4 days from now. But just a couple days ago, they learned that the mortgage company is now denying their mortgage application because she is furloughed. She was told by the lender that they consider her unemployed and too much of a risk to finance. This is a Federal employee who will receive backpay when this shutdown eventually ends, but that isn t enough for the mortgage company. It isn t enough for any of their other creditors, and now she and her family, instead of celebrating moving into their new home, are essentially homeless, all because of the reckless Trump-McConnell shutdown. my amendment includes findings about how short-term, limited-duration insurance weakens protections for the millions of Americans living with preexisting health conditions, including children with complex medical needs and disabilities. Last year, the Trump administration greatly expanded the sale and marketing of short-term, limited-duration insurance, also known as junk insurance, plans. And these plans are junk because they don t provide critical protections laid out by the Affordable Care Act. As my amendment points out, these plans lack important financial protections, may discriminate against individuals living with preexisting conditions, and may exclude coverage of essential health benefits such as prescription drugs and hospitalization. The protections afforded by the Affordable Care Act are literally lifesaving for children with complex medical needs and disabilities. These children require specialized treatment and medical care that depends on medications, therapies, and equipment such as ventilators, oxygen tanks, feeding tubes, and specialized wheelchairs. The ACA s essential health benefits ensure plans cover this care and treatment that these children may need. Children with complex medical needs often require extended hospitals stays with medical care costing into the millions of dollars. Families who purchase junk plans and whose children subsequently encounter medical difficulties may soon find that these insurance plans are effectively worthless, failing to cover the healthcare their children need, and terminating their coverage if it becomes too expensive. These children could also be subject to lifetime coverage caps that they would exceed before they are old enough even to go to preschool. The Trump administration s actions don t only harm families purchasing junk plans. As more people participate in these junk plans, the families who remain in comprehensive ACA-compliant plans would also see the cost of their insurance premiums increase. No family should face uncertainty about whether or not their children will have access to lifesaving care when they need it most. My amendment includes findings that highlight just how harmful these junk plans are for the up to 130 million Americans living with preexisting health conditions, and how they jeopardize Americans  access to quality, affordable health insurance. rise in strong support of my bill, H.R. 3153, the bipartisan EFFORT Act, which would expand Federal research on opioid addiction. Since 2011, more than 200 people in the northern Shenandoah Valley of Virginia have lost their lives due to an opioid overdose. Some of the highest numbers of children being born in Virginia with neonatal abstinence syndrome have been from my district. But these numbers don t tell the heartbreaking devastation the opioid crisis has wrought for families who have lost their mother, their father, their brother, their sister, or their child. Meanwhile, our law enforcement officers and first responders are struggling with the trauma and burnout that comes from being on the front lines of so many tragic and needless deaths of their friends and neighbors. Tens of thousands of Americans and more than 1,000 Virginians are dying every year from overdoses. Addiction is an illness, and fighting the crisis effectively requires adequate research and funding. The EFFORT Act will help to do this by directing the National Science Foundation to support research on the science of opioid addiction. in establishing some of the foundational understanding on opioid addiction, including research regarding the use of technology to address the crisis, the secondary effects on families, and options for alternative therapeutics for pain. And while this research has significantly increased our understanding of addiction, research gaps remain in a wide range of disciplines, including, for example, social and behavioral issues such as stigma, socioeconomic status, or treatment accessibility. The NSF has a unique ability to help us close some of these gaps and, in turn, to help us develop solutions. By expanding the NSF s research on opioid addiction both within the agency, as well as jointly with the National Institutes of Health when needed, we can more effectively integrate clinical and basic research, obtain a broader understanding of the science of opioid addiction and its impact, and have a more comprehensive approach to tackling the crisis. As a founding member of the bipartisan Freshmen Working Group on Addiction, I have worked to be a strong advocate for addiction prevention and recovery efforts, and I am pleased to have introduced this legislation with my fellow freshman colleague from Indiana, Dr. BAIRD. I thank him for his leadership on this issue, as well. I urge my colleagues to support this important bipartisan legislation. in an unprecedented move, the Trump administration issued dangerous guidance last year that could effectively eliminate protections for Americans with preexisting conditions. The administration s guidance puts coverage for the over 130 million Americans with preexisting conditions at risk. Our friends and neighbors, Americans who have had cancer, Americans who have high blood pressure, and Americans who have been pregnant would all be at risk of being priced out of their health insurance or being denied coverage outright. Mr. Speaker, we can t go back. Healthcare is complicated, but this issue is not. No American should ever be denied coverage for a preexisting condition not now, not ever. That is why I will be supporting the Protecting Americans With Preexisting Conditions Act on the House floor this week, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. rise today in strong support of H.R. 5377, the Restoring Tax Fairness for States and Localities Act. The SALT deduction has protected Virginia taxpayers from double taxation for over 100 years, but that changed when Donald Trump and congressional Republicans imposed an unprecedented $10,000 tax cap punishing taxpayers in districts like mine. In 2017 my district had the highest average SALT deduction in Virginia at almost $18,000 and the greatest number of households claiming SALT at 213,500 more than half of my district. The SALT cap is unfair and punitive, hurting Virginians and over 11 million Americans. Hardworking taxpayers deserve better. Today we have an opportunity to do better, to restore this tax relief and put money back in the pockets of 150,000 households in my district and many, many more across the country. Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this important legislation. rise in strong support today for the Child Care Is Essential Act. As a working mom, I know that finding quality, affordable childcare is not easy even under the best of circumstances, but the strain of COVID 19 has pushed the childcare industry to the brink of collapse. Nearly half of all childcare providers have closed at some point during this pandemic, and those that have reopened are facing increased costs to implement new safety measures, including reduced capacity, intense and frequent disinfecting and cleaning, and the purchase of PPE for providers. Without immediate financial support, many are at risk of closing permanently. Congress and this administration must recognize there cannot be a strong and full economic recovery without access to quality, affordable childcare for working families. This important bill will create a $50 billion childcare stabilization fund and invest in childcare across our country to ensure that providers have the resources they need to safely reopen. The Child Care Is Essential Act would bring an estimated $985 million to my home State of Virginia to keep childcare providers open and their employees on payroll. Parents simply cannot return to work if they can t find childcare. We are facing a crisis, and Congress must take decisive action on behalf of the working families and parents in America. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the Child Care Is Essential Act. rise today in support of my amendment No. 340 in En Bloc 4 to provide $9 million to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to continue its work developing the remote tower pilot program. The remote tower pilot program is a simple and cost-effective way to provide air traffic control services to an airport from any location. Remote towers use a network of highdefinition cameras and sensors to feed realtime information to air traffic controllers, who can be located at the airport or at a separate remote tower center. Remote tower infrastructure is cheaper, more flexible, and requires less extensive maintenance and upkeep than manned air traffic control towers, allowing the FAA and airports to address their air traffic control needs more cheaply. Remote towers also provide controllers with additional capabilities, including night vision with infrared cameras, enhanced visibility in poor weather or low light conditions, views of high-traffic areas or blind spots, moving object tracking, and real-time data overlays. I am very pleased that the first remote tower in the U.S. is currently being tested at Leesburg Executive Airport in Virginia s 10th Congressional District. Launched in 2014, remote tower technology has provided Leesburg with air traffic control capabilities without having to construct a manned air traffic control tower. These capabilities support Leesburg s more than 100,000 annual operations in highly complex airspace due to the airport s proximity to Dulles International Airport. The remote tower pilot program at Leesburg has been a great success, and my amendment will ensure that the FAA can continue this work at Leesburg and at new pilot sites around the country to further develop these important technologies. I thank the Committee for the inclusion of this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. COVID cases in my district are doubling, tripling, or worse. From the D.C. suburbs to the rural areas, no part is immune. What is it going to take to burst the bubble our Senate colleagues are living in and wake them up to reality? Because in this reality, 12 million Americans are going to lose their unemployment benefits next month if we don t act. In this reality, tens of thousands of small businesses are on track to close their doors for good by the end of the winter. If our Senate colleagues continue to sit on their hands and continue to do nothing, then on top of a public health crisis and an economic crisis, we are also going to have a homelessness crisis as eviction and foreclosure moratoriums expire. Mr. Speaker, I am urging leaders of both parties in both Chambers of Congress to come together, and let s vote on something we can agree on. Let s extend the deadline for CARES Act funds to be used by States and localities. Let s continue the eviction moratorium, student loan relief, and unemployment benefits that have been a lifeline for millions of workers. Let s do the work our constituents sent us here to do and help the American families and small businesses who are hurting. We owe it to the millions of people who need our help. rise in strong support of the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act 2.0, a bipartisan bill that I introduced on Friday, April 17th. If enacted, this bill would make great strides to fund the fight against childhood cancer, birth defects, and other rare pediatric diseases. Cancer is the single leading cause of death among American children of any disease. The U.S. is rapidly approaching 16,000 children diagnosed with cancer annually, and the incidence of childhood cancer has been steadily increasing over time. Additionally, one in 33 babies born in the U.S. are affected by a birth defect, and birth defects are the leading cause of death among infants. These pediatric diseases are still poorly understood, and additional funding is greatly needed to augment existing research to promote new discoveries for children affected by them. In an effort to uncover new insights into the biology of pediatric disease, Congress passed the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act in 2014, which established a Ten-Year Pediatric Research Initiative Fund within the National Institutes of Health s (NIH) Common Fund. The law authorized $12.6 million in funds annually for pediatric disease research through the Gabriella Miller Kids First Pediatric Research Program, commonly known as Kids First. Since the original law was enacted, Kids First has sequenced more than 20,000 samples from childhood cancer and structural birth defect cohorts. Most recently the program initiated the Gabriella Miller Kids First Data Resource Center a comprehensive integrated data resource for research and patient communities meant to advance discoveries. The Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act 2.0 builds off the important progress made by the 2014 Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act by providing a new source of funding for the Kids First Research Fund. Specifically, the bill would redirect civil monetary sanctions levied against pharmaceutical manufacturers by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. By diverting penalties from pharmaceutical companies that break the law, the bill would sustain Kids First s critical childhood disease research for generations to come. The 2014 law and the bill I introduced Friday is named to honor 10-year-old Gabriella Miller who passed away from an inoperable brain tumor. She was a fierce advocate for childhood cancer research, and her efforts to boost awareness of pediatric cancer helped raise funds for children s cancer charities. I would like to thank Gabriella s mother and my constituent, Ellyn Miller, for her tireless advocacy on behalf of children with cancer through Smashing Walnuts. I am honored to have worked closely with Ellyn on the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act 2.0. I introduced this bill to find treatments and cures so that our nation s children will have a fighting chance to survive cancer and other rare disease. The Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act 2.0 will reaffirm our strong commitment to finding cures for pediatric diseases. before coming to Congress, I served for 5 years in the Virginia General Assembly, and the proudest vote I ever took in Richmond was to pass Medicaid expansion in Virginia. Today, as a result of that expansion, more than 375,000 Virginians now have coverage under Medicaid. It has been a win-win for everyone involved for those who would otherwise go uncovered and for the hospitals and healthcare providers who often provide service to the uninsured without compensation. A recent study has even suggested that Medicaid expansion has saved thousands from opioid overdoses. Medicaid expansion saves lives, and the success we have seen in Virginia is thanks to the Affordable Care Act. Americans need to know that while my colleagues and I are fighting to protect and strengthen the ACA, Donald Trump and the congressional Republicans are in court right now working to strike down the ACA with no plan or replacement. Without the ACA, Medicaid expansion, which covers 17 million Americans, is in jeopardy, and so is coverage for more than 130 million Americans with preexisting conditions. With so much at stake, I urge my Republican colleagues to end their attacks. In the meantime I will continue to fight back. our democracy isn t working the way it should for a majority of Americans, but H.R. 1, the For the People Act, can fix that. This legislation will end partisan gerrymandering by creating independent redistricting commissions, letting the voters choose the politicians, not the politicians choosing their voters. H.R. 1 will promote online registration, same day and automatic voter registration, because we should be making it easier, not harder, for people to vote. It also prohibits arbitrary voter roll purges, expands early voting and vote by-mail options, and ensures the restoration of voting rights for those who have paid their dues to society. The right to vote is the cornerstone of our democracy. It is as sacred as the freedom of religion and speech. The American people want clean and fair elections, and H.R. 1 is a once-in-a generation opportunity to restore the faith and function in American democracy. rise today in strong opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina. June is LGBT Pride Month, a time when people across the country are taking a positive stance against discrimination and violence against LGBT individuals, but this amendment seeks to allow discrimination against the LGBT community in HUD-funded housing and shelters. Make no mistake, this amendment will weaken protections for LGBT people, especially children, who are experiencing homelessness and fleeing natural disasters, as well as survivors of violence. These protections are important because nearly one-third of transgender and gender nonbinary people experience homelessness at some point in their life; about one-half of transgender people do. According to a Center for American Progress study done in 2015, only 30 percent of shelter providers across four States, including my own of Virginia, were willing to properly accommodate transgender women. According to another recent survey, over half of transgender survey respondents who stayed in a shelter in the past year were verbally harassed, physically attacked, and/or sexually assaulted because of their gender identity. Some say that this amendment will negatively impact the safety and privacy of women in shelters. Service providers around the country who operate shelters every day disagree. These providers believe that nondiscrimination protections are necessary to ensure everyone in need can access shelters. Over 300 domestic and sexual violence organizations across the country signed a national consensus statement in support of full and equal access for the transgender community. These leaders agree that serving transgender women victims in shelters is appropriate and does not pose a safety issue. While housing transgender people according to their gender identity does not propose a safety risk to others, failing to do so puts transgender people in danger. Transgender people experience shockingly high rates of sexual and physical violence and forcing transgender people to use facilities that don t match their gender identity leaves them at risk for harassment, assault, and a host of harms that result when people avoid using the bathroom during the day. Allowing shelter providers to decide who is eligible for access to single-sex or sex-segregated shelters opens the door to discrimination. Make no mistake, this is incredibly dangerous. The consequences of being turned away from a shelter can be dire. early this year, I made the decision to hang the transgender flag in front of my office. It was meant to be a small and simple gesture of solidarity. Overnight, my office was flooded with messages of gratitude. The flag outside of my office had gone viral. Folks from all over called, emailed, wrote, and DM d my office to thank me for doing it. But today, we all have an historic opportunity to support substantive legislation that will be transformative for millions of Americans. The Equality Act is a bipartisan bill that will provide comprehensive, Federal nondiscrimination protections for LGBTQ individuals in employment, housing, credit, education, and much more, because today our LGBTQ brothers and sisters can marry the person they love on Sunday and, for that reason alone, be evicted from their housing or fired from their jobs on Monday. That isn t right, but the Equality Act can fix it. To my colleagues, let s extend the full promise of this Nation to every LGBTQ American. Let s pass the Equality Act. in 2016, Russian hackers tried to break into Virginia s election system. In response to this information, Virginia took active steps to secure the integrity of our elections. We sped up our transition to paper ballots to ensure that our elections were secure and the results could be verified and audited. But it is not just about any one election or just about any one adversary. Passing the SAFE Act is about securing our elections from all threats, foreign or otherwise. These threats are coming for us in every State, red or blue, rural or urban. In 2016, State election websites in Illinois and Arizona were hacked by intruders that installed malware and downloaded sensitive voter information. In 2018, electronic voting machines in Georgia and Texas deleted votes for certain candidates or switched votes from one candidate to another. In Johnson County, Indiana, e-poll books failed in 2018, halting voting entirely for 4 hours, with no extension of polling hours. It is clear that Congress must take action. Passage of the SAFE Act will secure our elections by updating our election infrastructure, speeding up the transition to paper ballots, and making necessary investments in cybersecurity. Every Member of Congress took an oath to protect this Nation from threats foreign and domestic, and I urge my colleagues to honor that oath. Let s protect our democracy while we still have one. , a 12- year-old from Highlands Ranch, Nate Holley, explained that he was in his classroom s closet with his hand on a baseball bat because he was going to go down fighting if he was going to go down. In the span of 2 weeks, two students were killed lunging at shooters in their classrooms to defend their classmates. Their names: Kendrick Castillo, 18 years old, just 3 days away from his high school graduation, and Riley Howell, 21 years old, an ROTC cadet at UNC Charlotte. These young men are heroes, but they shouldn t have to be. The Senate majority leader won t even allow a vote on any gun safety bills. What is it going to take? How many shootings, how many more young lives cut short, until we take action? The STEM School Highlands Ranch shooting marked the 30th incident of gun violence on K 12 school grounds just this year. Our kids deserve leaders who will do everything in their power to end gun violence in America. No more heroes. No more victims. , several years ago, I had a conversation with one of my constituents that I think about often. She told me about when she sent her 5-year-old son off to his first week of kindergarten in the Loudoun County Public Schools. He came home from school one day, and he told her: Mommy, we had an emergency drill today. My place to hide is behind the backpacks. Like a backpack is going to stop a round from an AR 15. And she decided right then and there that we need to do better for our kids and that she needed to do something. Her way of doing something was to start the Loudoun chapter of Moms Demand Action. Now she and millions more like her have sent us here to do something about gun violence. We may not be able to stop every school shooting, every act of gun violence, but shouldn t we at least try to stop some? Because if we won t do that we shouldn t be here. Today, for the first time in decades, the United States Congress will vote on meaningful gun violence prevention legislation. We will vote on and pass H.R. 8, the Bipartisan Background Checks Act of 2019, and I will proudly vote   yes   because these checks will save lives. I include in the RECORD my remarks supporting the impeachment of President Donald Trump. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of both articles of impeachment. President, but his actions have left us no choice. The facts are uncontested and the truth is inescapable. The President leveraged the highest office in the land for personal political gain. In doing so, he jeopardized our national security, undermined the integrity of our elections, and betrayed the public trust. The Framers gave Congress the power of impeachment precisely to protect our democracy from this kind of abuse of power. The President s pattern of misconduct outlined in the articles of impeachment, and his unrepentant contempt for the rule of law, make it clear that he poses a clear and present danger to the very foundations of our democracy. Voting to impeach the President is not an easy decision, nor is it one I take any pleasure in. I will cast my vote tonight with a heavy heart and a solemn sense of duty to protect our Constitution. as a former domestic violence prosecutor and advocate for abused women, I have seen firsthand the impact of the Violence Against Women Act s legal protections and survivor support services. Because of this law, survivors can access a national hotline, a network of shelters, and get protection orders that carry across State lines. The bill before us today will close the boyfriend loophole by stopping abusers and stalkers from obtaining firearms. The NRA thinks this language is too broad. They are wrong. When women are five times more likely to be murdered if there is a gun present in the household, it is clear that gun violence is a women s issue. We have made important progress, but we can t let up, not when a woman is murdered by a male intimate partner with a gun every 16 hours. This bill tells survivors: You are not alone. You will always have a place to go. You will always have people on your side. Most importantly, it will save lives I thank Chairwoman WATERS for working with me on this important legislation and for her unwavering commitment to defending human rights and demanding accountability, two things that H.R. 6270 would do. I also wish to thank Representatives JIM MCGOVERN and CHRIS SMITH for their leadership and commend them on their hard work on the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, which passed the House overwhelmingly last week. Both of them have worked tirelessly to shine a light on the atrocities taking place in Xinjiang. Speaker PELOSI pointed out that it was Congressman SMITH and Congressman Frank Wolf who, years ago, visited a forced labor camp and reported back to the U.S. Congress and to the world about what was happening there. Frank Wolf held my seat in Virginia s 10th Congressional District for 34 years, so I am proud to continue his important work defending religious freedom and human rights. For that reason, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6270, the Uyghur Forced Labor Disclosure Act. This legislation is a critical and longoverdue human rights disclosure bill that will inform investors and the markets of publicly traded companies  passive complicity or active exploitation of one of the most pressing and ongoing human rights violations of our lifetime. For years, the Government of the People s Republic of China has been engaged in the mass internment of religious minorities in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. Because of the well-documented and massive scale of abuses committed in the region, Xinjiang has become globally notorious for human rights violations, including the extensive use of forced labor. Chinese authorities have used the pretext of terrorism to suspend civil and political rights, including the internment of more than 1 million Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities in reeducation centers across Xinjiang, where they are subjected to harsh abuse and forbidden from practicing their religious or cultural beliefs. These reeducation centers also function as forced labor camps where various goods, especially those made from cotton, the region s top export, are manufactured with forced Uyghur labor and sent to producers and consumers around the world. Chinese manufacturers are provided development assistance to build factories in or near the camps to take advantage of detainee labor. Through government-sponsored endeavors like the mutual pairing assistance program, former detainees are transferred from Xinjiang to other parts of China for factory labor, where they are separated from their families, live in segregated dormitories, and are assigned minders who monitor their every move. It is important to point out that a lot of these workers were accomplished people in Uyghur society. We are talking about professors, doctors, and journalists, educated, successful people who had their livelihoods taken from them. Their only crime was being Uyghur. Shockingly, reports show that many of these factories supply manufactured materials for some of the largest companies in the world, and some of these products are finding their way to U.S. consumers. The U.S. has banned imports made with forced labor since 1930, and U.S. companies are required to exercise due diligence in order to better understand their supply chains and potential links to forced labor. But traditional human rights due diligence efforts are falling short in Xinjiang, where forced labor is widespread and systemic in the regional economy. Xinjiang is also tightly controlled. Travel to the region is restricted, making efforts to audit supply chains nearly impossible. Auditors have reportedly been detained, threatened, and stopped at airports. Workers are intimidated not to talk. Just last week, five supply chain auditing organizations pulled out of Xinjiang, citing restricted access and increased difficulty in meeting auditing standards. Despite all of this, international companies continue to source from Xinjiang or allow products from labor from the region to come into their supply chains. My legislation, the Uyghur Forced Labor Disclosure Act, would require the SEC to issue rules requiring publicly traded companies to annually disclose imports of manufactured goods and materials that originate in or are sourced from Xinjiang. Because of the strong likelihood that products from Xinjiang were created using forced labor from concentration camp prisoners, companies that import products and materials from the region face greater legal reputational and financial risks that may impact their short- and long-term value. Just as important, shareholders and consumers have the right to know whether their hard-earned dollars are being invested in companies whose supply chains benefit from forced labor. It is critical that publicly traded companies disclose this so that investors have the information that they need to make the best investment decisions possible and to ensure that no parts of our market or economy utilize forced labor or are complicit in further violations of human rights. The gentleman from Michigan believes that sanctions would be a better option. Sanctions need to be part of the solution, and I, along with others, pushed the Trump administration to sanction the Chinese Government officials and entities. When they finally did, I finally supported that. I firmly agree with what they did. But sanctions alone aren t effective. We need a multipronged approach that deals with the supply side and the demand side. It was mentioned that it is not possible to exercise the kind of due diligence necessary. What price a human life? There are lots of opportunities for publicly traded companies to pressure their suppliers not to take advantage of this forced labor, and it could cause reputational and financial risks and burdens to the company if they are found out that they are profiting from this forced labor. My bill, along with Chairman MCGOVERN s, H.R. 6270, which passed overwhelmingly last week, sends a strong message that the United States economy and the financial system will not tolerate human rights abuse. I urge my colleagues to support the Uyghur Forced Labor Disclosure Act. the gentleman is trying to make this about me, and nothing could be further from the truth. This is about the Uyghur people. This is not about me. This is not about an election. Before I was even elected to Congress, I met with Uyghur Muslims in my district. I have one of the largest populations of Uyghur diaspora in my district, and they told me their horrible stories about relatives who disappeared into the camps, who perished in those camps. So don t try to make this about me. Before I came to Congress, I served in the Virginia State Senate, and there we had an expression for when people tried to change our bills on the floor or on the fly, and that was,   Get your own bill.   It is disappointing that my Republican colleagues are politicizing this issue and opposing this bill, especially when we have been hearing for so long how Democrats are weak on China. But, when given the chance to hold the Chinese Government responsible for gross human rights abuses and reveal the extent of the system of forced labor, it turns out Republicans aren t all that interested. Crimes against humanity, and perhaps even genocide, are being committed by the Chinese Government. Republicans talk a good game, but only if it doesn t create any kind of burden on U.S. corporations or their profit margins, profit that may be earned off of the backs of slave labor. During debate on this bill, the other side made it clear that they don t believe that corporations, publicly traded companies, should be held responsible for knowing the origins of their products. The other side is saying that companies can turn a blind eye to genocide and not have to disclose to their shareholders about the use of slave labor in their supply chains. This MTR is more of the same. It neuters the bill and adds a sense of Congress. Well, Congress has a sense already: The exploitation and enslavement of the Uyghurs must stop. Americans don t want to purchase goods made with slave labor. So maybe my colleagues are following the lead of the President, who seems to be okay with what is happening in Xinjiang. When given the opportunity to confront Xi over the mass internment of Uyghurs, Trump actually encouraged them to carry on building the camps. He said it was   the right thing to do.   That is according to his former National Security Advisor, John Bolton. With only the interpreters present, Xi had explained to Trump why he was basically building concentration camps in Xinjiang. According to our interpreter, Trump said that Xi should go ahead and build the camps, which Trump thought was exactly the right thing to do. Maybe you don t believe John Bolton I certainly question his integrity but Donald Trump admitted it. When he was asked, he said:   Well, we were in the middle of a major trade deal.   Mr. Speaker, we are better than this. With this bill, we can stand up against forced labor; we can stand up against genocide; we can stand up for religious freedom and the Uyghur people by defeating this motion to recommit and passing the Uyghur Forced Labor Disclosure Act. I rise today in support of en bloc No. 2 and my amendment in support of the Uyghur people. Millions of Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities have been arbitrarily detained and forced by the Chinese government into   re-education   and forced labor camps in Xinjiang. Under the label of   poverty alleviation,   Uyghurs are being assigned to factories in and outside of Xinjiang. These factories feed global supply chains that produce electronics, textiles, shoes, food products, and even PPE. According to a report from the Australian Strategic Policy Institute, some of the bestknown brands in the world, including a number of U.S. companies, are unwittingly profiting from this scheme. U.S. law prohibits goods made using forced labor from entering our markets. However, Xinjiang accounts for 84 percent of the cotton produced in China, and is responsible for 1 in every 5 bales of cotton produced globally. Unless proactive measures are taken to prohibit sourcing from Xinjiang, U.S. companies risk being complicit in human rights abuses. My amendment would require DoD to create a process by which companies that sell goods in the commissary and exchange systems, that are partially or wholly manufactured from Xinjiang or with Xinjiang labor, to certify those goods were not manufactured using forced labor. Given the overwhelming evidence of widespread and systemic forced labor in China, as confirmed by testimony from camp survivors, satellite imagery, and leaked official documents, U.S. companies that import from the region should have already taken proactive measures to audit suppliers. For companies that haven t, under my amendment, they will be required to do so if they want to continue selling their products on our military bases. I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment. the horrifying murder of George Floyd awoke the conscience of America to a generations-old system of racial injustice. Since then, Americans led mostly by young people in all 50 States and in every part of my district have taken to the streets to demand action, and that gives me hope. The Justice in Policing Act is an important step towards real change. This bill will implement meaningful reforms to increase transparency and accountability in policing: banning chokeholds, stopping no-knock warrants, establishing new standards for policing, combating racial profiling, reforming qualified immunity, and much more. As a former prosecutor and defense attorney, I have witnessed firsthand the unequal application of justice toward Black Americans, and I know more needs to be done. But the Justice in Policing Act provides concrete legislative solutions that will help reform a deeply unequal system of policing right now. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill today. What we are witnessing is a once-in-a generation call to action. Let s not fail to answer the call. In 1923 Alice Paul introduced the equal rights amendment to include women in our Nation s founding documents. Nearly 100 years later, during my time in the Virginia State Senate, I sponsored the resolution for Virginia to ratify the ERA. But it wouldn t be until January 27, 2020, with the historic number of women lawmakers serving in the State legislature that the great Commonwealth of Virginia became the 38th and final State to ratify the equal rights amendment. This was not simply a symbolic vote. Specifically affirming equality on the basis of sex in the Constitution will strengthen State and Federal laws that protect women. We need the equal rights amendment to ensure that equal justice under law is a constitutional right for women and not just an inscription over the entrance to the Supreme Court. Finally, these words will ring true:   Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or any State on account of sex.   Today, I am proud to cast my vote in support of the ERA and in recognition of the tireless work of so many trailblazers and activists over the years, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. ",dim1,CR,-0.369,0.313
