candidate, text, dimension, score, dim2
Beyer,"Unemployment benefits are set to expire for an estimated twelve million Americans tomorrow unless recently-passed appropriations and relief legislation is signed into law. A substantial amount of those benefits, totaling billions of dollars, will be irretrievably lost for those dependent on them unless President Trump signs that bill today. Unlike the larger expiration of unemployment benefits which will go into effect tomorrow, this consequence of the President withholding his signature would not be reversed if he changes his mind and subsequently signs the bill. “If Donald Trump does not sign the relief bill by the end of the day he will deny billions of dollars in support to some of the neediest people in this country during the holidays season,” said Beyer. “If he really wants to help people who are struggling amid the pandemic and economic crisis, he will sign this bill and then press his Republican allies in Congress to expand direct payments. The House will send legislation to the Senate within days to increase $600 direct payments to $2000, but Trump must sign this bill into law for it to take effect. Trump’s refusal to sign this relief legislation immediately would result in devastating and unnecessary hardship for millions, and soon a government shutdown. These consequences are unacceptable, and he must act now.” The unemployment titles of the appropriations and relief legislation (beginning on page 1927) extend authorization and funding for federally-supported unemployment programs including Pandemic Unemployment Assistance (PUA), Pandemic Emergency Unemployment Compensation (PEUC), and Federal Pandemic Unemployment Compensation (FPUC) into mid-March [An explainer for these programs is available here with a flowchart here]. However, new $300 payments of enhanced benefits (FPUC) cannot begin until the President’s signature gives the bill force of law, and states are barred from processing payments for weeks ending before the bill is signed. Once signed, the bill will still cut off funding and authorization at the mid-March date demanded by Senate Republicans, and there is no provision to restore the first of the 11 weeks of enhanced benefits, which will be denied to unemployment insurance recipients. The impact could be significantly worse depending on agency guidance that will determine the impacts of a delayed signature on the other programs. Outdated state unemployment systems have been put under tremendous strain by the massive numbers of applicants for assistance and the sudden transformation of unemployment programs, which will mean weeks or months of delays to process extensions to benefit payments that will ultimately be made retroactively. Senate Republicans balked at the cost of making federal support for and authorization of enhanced benefit payments retroactive before the bill’s date of enactment, and because the White House pressed lawmakers to approve the bill and gave every assurance to Congress that the President would sign it, the bill was drafted to provide an eleven-week extension of benefits beginning at the end of December. Delayed enactment of the bill will effectively cut the overall number of benefit weeks to ten, at a cost of at least $300 per recipient depending on the state and recipient’s circumstances, and on federal guidance about how such a delay would impact some of the programs. “After weeks of no substantive response to my staff’s inquiry, I write to request any and all COVID-19 vaccine distribution plans or guidance for federal employees. In the interim, we have learned through reporting that some agencies have begun vaccinating their employees and have developed their own plans or guidance on vaccine distribution. “Without this notification, States and localities will not know which federal employees need to be covered under their distribution plans rather than under the federal distribution plan. It is imperative that States and localities be able to properly identify the members in their community to whom they will be responsible for administering vaccines.” requested that vaccine guidelines be shared for each agency outlining whether federal employees can expect their employing agency to administer their vaccine, what will be required to access it, and the process for communication with state and local public health departments for vaccine qualification. Beyer yesterday urged CDC Director Robert Redfield to improve transparency and data sharing amid the national effort to distribute and administer coronavirus vaccines. Beyer’s letters were sent in response to ongoing confusion over reduced and delayed vaccine shipments to states, and amid a troubling absence of communication to Congress and federal employees regarding vaccine distribution. After weeks of no substantive response to my staff’s inquiry, I write to request any and all COVID-19 vaccine distribution plans or guidance for federal employees. In the interim, we have learned through reporting that some agencies have begun vaccinating their employees and have developed their own plans or guidance on vaccine distribution. Federal employees need to know the vaccine guidelines for their agency, if they can expect their employing agency to administer their vaccine and what is expected to access it. If not, it needs to be communicated to their corresponding State and local public health department if they qualify as frontline, as an essential worker, and that they make plans to get vaccinated through their healthcare provider. Without this notification, States and localities will not know which federal employees need to be covered under their distribution plans rather than under the federal distribution plan. It is imperative that States and localities be able to properly identify the members in their community to whom they will be responsible for administering vaccines. I request your expediency on this issue given the urgency of vaccine distribution around the country. Please respond with the Agencies expecting to administer their own vaccines, the status of the guidelines of those agencies, the expectations of agencies not administering their own vaccines, and please indicate what is being done to notify States and local public health departments for employees not eligible for an agency administered vaccine, and the number of employees expected to covered through their employer welcomed a legislative provision he helped secure in the upcoming omnibus spending bill to alleviate the burden on federal workers and military families of repaying payroll taxes previously withheld under President Trump’s executive order. The provision would extend the time period for repayment of payroll taxes to the end of 2021, thereby significantly reducing the impact on paychecks for those who had such taxes withheld. Our payroll tax fix will help lessen the damage of Donald Trump’s payroll tax scam for military families and civil servants by minimizing the drop they see in individual paychecks. I thank the Ways and Means Committee staff for their work on this provision and for making it a priority in negotiations,” said Beyer. “Trump’s promises of enhanced government paychecks were a lie, just as we warned, ultimately to be paid back after the election. Of course, Trump immediately dropped any pretense of using this policy to help people after Election Day. Now military families and federal workers will see that repayment spread across a much larger number of pay periods, minimizing their short-term decrease in income. In passing this payroll tax fix Congress is beginning the great task of cleaning up Donald Trump’s mess, and we have so much more of that work to do. Beyer was an outspoken critic of the Administration’s mandatory payroll tax deferrals for the military and civil service, and an earlier supporter of legislation to block the policy. Text of the provision extending the repayment period for deferred payroll taxes is contained in Section 274 of the Rules Committee print of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021. “The legislation we pass today is a down payment on what Congress owes the American people. It is absolutely not ‘mission accomplished. This bill should be much bigger, it should put more money in people’s pockets, it should provide more help and more certainty to the unemployed, and it should do more to boost the economy. It is better than nothing, but it is not nearly enough. The country needed this relief and this support for a more robust pandemic response long ago. Once again, as I said in March, the shortcomings in size, scope, and duration, and in the failure to help struggling state and local governments, make it clear even as we pass this legislation that Congress will have to pass another aid package next year. I hope Senate Republicans do not waste seven months denying the American people the assistance they need again in 2021.” “In negotiating pandemic relief legislation, Senate Republicans argued it would be too expensive to send Americans even one more round of $1 200 checks. Three years ago today they passed tax cuts for large corporations they claimed would ‘pay for themselves,’ a claim they knew to be false. “Senate Republicans have reportedly cut the enhanced federal benefits in half from CARES Act levels, and halved the duration of federal unemployment benefits compared to House-passed legislation. Three years ago they passed an extraordinarily regressive tax bill that gave most benefits to the very wealthy. “Today Senate Republicans are fighting to limit or reduce food and rental assistance to needy families on the edge of disaster. Three years ago these same Senate Republicans passed legislation with a provision that exclusively benefitted households worth over $22 million. “Three years ago the economy was still riding the wave of the Obama recovery, and Senate Republicans shrugged off long term fiscal concerns as they cut taxes for millionaires. Today, as Senate Republicans penny-pinch working people, American families are racked with fear and uncertainty, many are suffering some of the worst economic misery they have ever seen. The contrast is utterly appalling.” authorize and fund research at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute (PICORI) to benefit so-called “long haulers,” people who experience long term effects of COVID-19 infections. From the beginning of the pandemic medical researchers have documented a wide array of lingering conditions affecting patients long after they recover from initial infection, but leading public health officials say more research is needed to fully understand and respond to the phenomenon. “Over ten months after coronavirus was first documented in the United States, some of the worst suffering is still being borne by people who got sick and recovered from their initial infections early in the year,” said Beyer. “Given the alarming pace of the virus’ spread right now, we may see significant proliferation of individuals suffering long term effects of coronavirus infections. We need to do everything we can as soon as we can to help those people, and to get a handle on this problem. My bill would make major investments in research funding at leading institutions, and make this a major priority for American medical research.” introduced the Federal All-Payer Claims Database Act, legislation that would establish a federal database of all-payer claims. Many states already gather all-payer claims data, which collects costs of procedures, medicines, and other health care, but the federal government and some states have yet to take advantage of the tool. “Increasing claims transparency has the potential to increase the quality and delivery of health care in addition to making it more affordable,” said Rep. Beyer. “States already led the way in implementing this well-conceived innovation with positive results, but there is significantly more that we could accomplish by accessing data only available to the federal government. My legislation would help all Americans reap the benefits.” “I rise today in support of the Long Bridge Act of 2020, which I proudly co-lead with my colleague from Virginia Congressman Rob Wittman. “The existing Long Bridge is the only rail bridge connecting Virginia to Washington, DC, and it is the main rail connection between the southeast and northeast for both passenger and freight rail “During peak hours, the two-track bridge is at almost 98 percent capacity, which makes it a significant chokepoint along the East Coast. “That is why the new Long Bridge project is so crucial: it would double the capacity of the Potomac River rail crossing by adding a second two-track bridge adjacent to the existing bridge. “I cannot stress enough how impactful the new Long Bridge project will be – projecting an annual $6 billion in benefits to the region by 2040. “However, the land where construction will take place on both sides of the Potomac River is controlled by the National Park Service. “NPS is currently prohibited by law to transfer land to the Commonwealth of Virginia and the District of Columbia for purposes of railroad construction. “The Long Bridge Act of 2020 is a simple fix to allow the National Park Service to transfer control of this land for the purposes of the Long Bridge rail project. “I wholeheartedly support this bill, as it would enable the Commonwealth of Virginia to move forward with this vital construction. “I’d like to thank my colleagues from Virginia, DC, and Maryland on both sides of the aisle for supporting the bill. “And, thank you again to my colleague, Congressman Wittman, for your tireless efforts on behalf of the Long Bridge Act of 2020.” She is smart, deeply knowledgeable, and committed to getting trade policy right for our workers, businesses, and the environment. Katherine is widely respected and well-liked, but will also be a tough and principled negotiator. She is exactly the right kind of cooperative leader to help return rationality to our trade policy and restore the respect of our allies around the world. Should she be nominated by President-elect Biden and confirmed by the Senate, Katherine Tai will be a strong U.S. Trade Representative.” “The proposed WMATA budget cuts would be apocalyptic for Metro service and devastate its workforce. This catastrophe must not be allowed to happen, and Congress can prevent it by passing a new aid package. WMATA is not alone in its massive funding shortfall, which is a direct result of the pandemic. Cuts like this will hit across the country without robust aid for state and local governments and specific targeted funding for transit. “On the Joint Economic Committee we predicted massive, urgent need for state and local government funding at the beginning of April. The House passed a legislative package that addressed that problem and included $32 billion in transit funding in May, but Mitch McConnell has blocked additional aid. Senate Republicans’ obstruction is itself a crisis, and if it continues vast numbers of public sector workers will lose their jobs and Americans will see unimaginable and unnecessary cuts to services they depend on.” The FY2022 budget would compensate for WMATA’s estimated $500 million shortfall by eliminating 2 400 jobs, bringing total job WMATA job losses to over a quarter of its entire workforce, closing a quarter of all Metro stations (19 stations), eliminating weekend service and evening service after 9 pm, and eliminating a third of bus routes. “The women and men President-elect Biden has selected are among the best and brightest in the country, and most importantly they have the experience and expertise needed to build our economy back better. Every member of this team is battle-tested by past crises, and with these leaders in place our economy will soon be back in competent, capable hands. “Janet Yellen is among the most accomplished economic leaders of our time, and will break ground as the first woman to serve as Treasury Secretary. Dr. Yellen brings unique experience to bear as former chair of both the Fed and the President’s Council of Economic Advisers. I consulted Dr. Yellen about unemployment policy while drafting automatic stabilizer legislation early in the pandemic, and know her to be a person of impressive acumen who is deeply committed to helping extend economic opportunity to all Americans. Along with Adewale Adeyemo, who will become the highest-ranking Black official in the history of the Treasury Department if confirmed, this team will provide historic, dependable leadership at Treasury. “Cecilia Rouse is likewise highly accomplished, having previously served on the Council of Economic Advisers where she helped develop President Obama’s response to the Great Recession. Dr. Rouse will be the first Black woman to lead CEA, and I look forward to hearing her testimony before the Joint Economic Committee. Dr. Rouse will be joined by Heather Boushey and Jared Bernstein, who I know well as champions in the fight against inequality. Dr. Boushey and Dr. Bernstein both testified before the Joint Economic Committee earlier this year and their commitment to restoring full employment is appropriate and admirable. “In Neera Tanden, the President-elect’s team gets another deeply experienced and historic nomination. Tanden would be the first woman of color to lead the Office of Management and Budget, and her policy experience and devotion to strengthening the middle class are beyond question. “This economic team has the depth of knowledge and breadth of experience our country needs, and they know that our recovery must include people of color, women, low-wage workers, front line workers, the unemployed, young people, retirees and others who have felt the worst effects of this pandemic. Where required, they deserve and should receive a prompt and fair confirmation process.” “Reducing Uncertainty and Restoring Confidence during the Coronavirus Recession.” Since March, Vice Chair Beyer has hosted nearly 40 hour-long calls with economists and other experts focused on the economic impact of the coronavirus, including Boushey. Some of those calls inspired his ambitious legislation to tie enhanced unemployment benefits to automatic stabilizers, which was developed in discussion with Yellen and other economists and policy leaders. “Today’s hearing shows that the Natural Resources Committee continues to lead in addressing climate change,” said Rep. Beyer. “Ocean climate action is a vital but often overlooked piece of the larger response to the climate crisis, and the bills I and others have offered to address it represent achievable progress in this key area. The legislation we considered today would be important to helping coastal and inland communities like Alexandria prepare for and respond to the worsening impacts of climate change, and I thank Chairman Grijalva and my colleagues on Natural Resources for continuing to move the ball forward here.” “Republicans’ failure to reauthorize unemployment supports is a catastrophic mistake that threatens to engulf the personal finances of millions of families,” said Rep. Don Beyer, Vice Chair of Congress’ Joint Economic Committee. “Unfortunately, this problem will be compounded by Republican opposition to new economic assistance, which has resulted – as we warned it would – in a stalled recovery. The economic calamity threatening American households is largely self-inflicted, and will get even more dire unless Congress takes bipartisan action soon. We are no longer talking about stimulus, we are talking about life-preservers for millions people who have been terribly hurt and face worse personal tragedy.” In the wake of the economic collapse caused by the pandemic, Congress enacted a series of expansions of existing unemployment programs (see the excellent flowchart created by the Congressional Research Service here). Availability of benefits varies by state based on state law and economic conditions, but key programs set up by Congress expire at the end of the year. If they are allowed to expire, millions of workers in certain jobless benefit situations would be completely cut off and face a total loss of income. The list of expiring programs includes Pandemic Unemployment Assistance (PUA), which currently has over 10 million recipients. Millions more currently receiving Pandemic Emergency Unemployment Compensation (PEUC), which also is set to expire at the year’s end, would largely be shifted to Extended Benefits in states where they remain triggered on (explainer here). However, the cost-sharing agreement with the federal government for that program will expire, potentially overwhelming state unemployment insurance trust funds with new unemployment recipients. Extended Benefits have significantly shorter duration than regular state unemployment insurance. Enhanced federal benefits passed in the CARES Act achieved significant levels of wage replacement and averted a larger collapse of aggregate demand. In the months since Senate Republicans allowed those benefits to expire, long term unemployment has grown significantly and many have already exhausted regular state benefits. Job growth has stalled, but the bottom has not fallen out of the economy – yet – largely thanks to widespread increased savings by American households which helped sustain spending after unemployment benefits fell off. President Trump’s cut-in-half unemployment benefit was insufficient to the scope of need and ran out quickly without ever reaching many unemployed workers. Though the President claims our “economy is doing great,” the reality is far worse than many realize. Historically high unemployment continues with regular announcements of mass layoffs, and millions of small businesses report they are on the edge of failure. In the wake of massive job losses millions have already lost health insurance, and many millions more are at risk of losing coverage. The economic damage caused by the pandemic has been uneven across different groups of American workers, hitting people of color especially hard and causing millions of women to leave the labor force entirely. As long-term unemployment spikes, eight million Americans have fallen into poverty in recent months, and many are simply running out of money. Half of the nation’s unemployed were unable to cover basic expenses in August and over 34 million found doing so “very difficult.” Growing numbers risk losing power and water and 40 million Americans are at risk of eviction, threatening a ‘homelessness pandemic’ as temporary moratoria expire. The nation is experiencing simultaneous mental health and child care crises, and millions are just going hungry. “The President’s Executive Order is an attempt to redefine the civil service as a political arm of the presidency rather than public servants who work for the American people “It remains a disgrace that the Administration is setting members of the military and federal workforce up to see reduced paychecks next year to boost Donald Trump’s political interests,” said Beyer. “Our legislation would allow those who draw a government paycheck to decide for themselves what will happen with their paychecks, a choice the Administration gave private sector workers, and which has bipartisan support in both chambers of Congress. We should not have to pass legislation to take this simple step which the Administration could enact on its own at any time, but if they remain bent on undermining the personal finances of the federal workforce and the United States military, Congress must step in and stop it.” The bipartisan, bicameral legislation came as the Administration failed to take administrative actions to make the policy optional for government workers despite the suggestion by Treasury Secretary Mnuchin that doing so would be “reasonable.” Beyer led dozens of Representatives in a bipartisan push seeking follow-through that would allow the federal workforce and the military to choose for themselves whether they wanted payroll tax obligations deferred. To date, the Administration has not responded to their request. “President Trump’s stunning reversal on stimulus negotiations could not have come at a worse time. “Just as a bipartisan deal to support American families, boost the economy, and fight the pandemic seemed increasingly promising, the President made the bewildering decision to walk away from talks completely. His tweets justifying this erratic about-face misstated Democrats’ compromise position, formalized in recently passed legislation, by hundreds of billions of dollars, showing he is either unaware of what is happening with negotiations or deliberately trying to mislead the country. “The U.S. economy needs this deal, and last month’s alarming jobs report shows how urgent that need is. Tens of millions of unemployed workers, millions of public sector jobs, and vast numbers of small businesses are on the edge of disaster. Senate Republicans behaved terribly in forcing them to wait for government assistance for months after we passed a robust Heroes Act in May. If they delay a new assistance package months longer, it will imperil the economic recovery. “Walking away from talks means walking away from protecting schools, walking away from a strong pandemic response, and walking away from American families that need help now. It is hard to comprehend such an irrational, reckless, and destructive act.” President Trump’s sudden exit from stimulus talks came hours after Fed Chair Jerome Powell warned that failure to pass another aid package could derail the economic recovery. Mass layoffs in airlines and other industries may proliferate without further government spending to support the economy, and an estimated 40 percent of restaurants are on the brink of closure. House Democrats passed updated stimulus legislation last week with a topline of $2.2 trillion to boost the pandemic response, protect schools, fund and extend enhanced federal unemployment benefits, support small businesses, provide a new round of direct payments to American families, and strengthen the American economy. “We urge you to amend IRS guidance to allow military service members and federal employees the ability to choose whether or not their payroll tax obligations will be deferred under IRS Notice 2020-65. “Feedback from civil servants and service members we represent indicates that the withholding of payroll taxes has been chaotic and confusing for many of those affected. There is widespread concern among the ranks of both groups that deferred payroll taxes will lead to increased tax bills in January and potentially even fees for those who are unable to repay deferred taxes “Federal workers and members of the military also report feeling unfairly singled out for mandatory payroll tax deferral. Private companies and business organizations were given the flexibility not to participate in the program, and have largely elected not to defer collection of payroll tax obligations. The United States Postal Service, likewise, exempted its employees from the policy. Presented with this contrast in a recent hearing, you responded that it would be “a reasonable issue” to allow federal employees and military service members the same flexibility that the Administration granted to the private sector. We applaud this sentiment, and ask that you put it into practice forthwith.” I have the privilege of representing Northern Virginia, which is home to the highest concentration of federal workers in the country as well as the Pentagon and other major military installations. President Trump’s tax deferral, which is mandatory for federal employees and military service members, has put many of my constituents in a difficult position. In the short term they will see more money in their paychecks, at a time when need is keenly felt, and many will be tempted to spend it. But under current law they will have to repay that money through double taxation, beginning in January. Soldiers and federal workers have written to me to say the guidance they have been provided by their branches or agencies has been confusing or misleading. One, an Army Captain, expressed concerns that many of those who serve under him may not realize or prepare for the significant cuts to their paychecks which President Trump has set them up to receive in January. …I am currently serving as an officer in the U.S. Army, interacting daily with Soldiers as part of my job. Nothing in my life means more to me than the wellbeing of these young men and women The current administration has implemented a payroll tax deferral for all federal employees as part of its COVID-19 economic stimulus. This tax deferral will provide additional money on federal employee monthly paychecks. However, this money is also required to be paid back in its entirety from January to April of 2021, otherwise employees will incur additional fees. Recently, it was also announced that members of the military will *not* have the option to opt out of this program, and the payroll tax deferral will automatically be added to paychecks for the month of September 2020 and will be expected to be paid back starting in January, resulting in approximately a 10% reduction of pay from January to April 2021. This is where my urgent concern lies. Awareness of this cash windfall and later requirements has not been effectively broadcast to any level of the military. These include the young Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen who are still learning financial responsibility. Many of these men and women are fresh out of high school and earning the first paychecks of their lives. The sudden influx of money, unexplained, will likely be spent very quickly by many of them, with little regard for later consequences. Many of the Soldiers within the ranks live paycheck to paycheck, and if they are not aware that all of this money must be paid back next year, it could be ruinous to their financial health. If no action is taken to address this problem, numerous members of the military will be stricken with deductions from their paychecks next year that will cause unnecessary suffering and hardship. As service members have their incomes reduced as a result of the IRS recouping the tax deferred pay, many will struggle to make payments on vehicles, families will struggle to pay rent and buy food, and the men and women who volunteered to serve their nation will find themselves unable to provide for themselves and their loved ones. If service members do not immediately set aside the entirety of their tax deferral this month, they place themselves at risk of not being able to make ends meet next year. No official information about this policy has been broadcast to service members, meaning many in the military will spend this money without thinking and be affected later with financial hardship. The decision to not allow members of the military to opt out of this deferral was also reckless, and shows significant shortsightedness on the part of the country’s leadership. The deferral can still be delayed with rapid action and there could be added an option to opt out. Additional training and education can be created and broadcast to all levels of the military. Most importantly, and realistically, the period in which to pay back this money can be extended, and fees waived or cancelled to allow vulnerable service members a chance to avoid being hurt. What is coming is a situation in which a population that has volunteered to risk their lives in the service of the nation are themselves being put at unnecessary risk by the nation they serve. The wellbeing of the men and women defending our nation has always been an issue that members of congress agree on. I’ve seen time and again that members from both parties can come together to do right by our Soldiers. All I wish is that the same will happen now.” Listen to that.", dim1, -0.385, -0.095
griffith, “Yesterday the President signed the more than $2.3 trillion Omnibus which included COVID relief.  After signing it, the President issued a statement calling on Congress to increase the amount of money going to individuals AND to cut bloated government spending. Today, the Democrats in the House put forward a bill to increase the size of the individual checks, BUT did not put forward any of the President’s cut suggestions OR cuts to spending that they preferred. This is a typical Democrat compromise.  We will give you increased spending, but we will not give you the cuts requested. “Accordingly, I could not support this increased spending, at this time, without legitimate cuts as requested by the President. Hopefully with vaccines being distributed, our businesses and our economy will be back in operation soon.  If not, we will have to examine additional relief in the new year. As a supporter of more relief in response to the coronavirus pandemic, I consistently urged congressional leadership to keep any relief package separate from any omnibus appropriations bill to fund the Federal Government. Omnibuses tend to be bloated, filled with unrelated provisions, and cobbled together in backrooms with little time for Members of Congress to read them, much less understand their provisions. They are a terrible way to exercise Congress’ power of the purse. “The omnibus spending bill for fiscal year 2021 is the longest bill I’ve been asked to vote on in Congress. It was split into two parts running nearly 5 600 pages. The first totaled roughly 500 pages and included funding for the military and border security, including the border wall. I read this part and found its spending to be largely reasonable, so I voted for it. “The second part containing the remaining 5 000 pages, while reportedly including some provisions I support, also reportedly featured far too many items that have no place in a spending bill. Members of Congress had only a few hours to read and analyze this overstuffed monstrosity. As I have pledged to the constituents of the Ninth District, I will not vote for a bill I have not read in its entirety. I voted no. “I continue to believe Americans need help in the face of the pandemic, and I know most of my colleagues agree. Legislation that would provide help would likely pass Congress easily, and there is no good reason to tie it to the overall omnibus bill. Community health centers provide care to many in Southwest Virginia, and during the coronavirus outbreak they have a critical role to play. The distribution of $2 087 196 in funds to Southwest Virginia Community Health Systems will help promote accessible and quality health care for those who rely upon them. This will support the hard work and expert care provided by the professionals at our community health centers.” An analogy I like to use for the legislative process invokes candy apples and toads. Legislation rarely includes only things I like – the candy apples – or omits the things I really dislike – the toads. Considering whether to support a bill usually means weighing whether there are enough candy apples to cover up the bad taste of a few toads. End-of-year legislating usually provides plenty of opportunities to apply this test. As the year draws to a close, Congress once again finds itself closing in on a deadline to fund the Federal Government for the fiscal year that began on October 1. As in previous years, we did not need to be in this situation. Federal law prescribes a budget process of individual appropriations bills that should go through regular order at the committee and floor level. Just following the rules could help us avoid the scramble to resolve everything with one bill that, even if read, Members of Congress rarely get to fully scrutinize before having to give it an up or down vote. Because the omnibus bill funding the government for the rest of the fiscal year ending September 30 has not yet been agreed to by negotiators, Congress passed a continuing resolution (CR) continuing current funding for just one week. Like omnibuses, I generally do not find CRs to be a proper way to fund the government. But as with any other bill I vote on, I read this CR. It included an extension for the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher program for two years. This program encourages the development of new drugs to treat rare pediatric diseases. The innovation promoted by this program can lead to new treatments that help improve and save the lives of children suffering from rare diseases. While skeptical of CRs, I support the extension of the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Vouchers, so I voted for this CR. In the best instances, legislation rarely includes everything I want to see or leaves out anything I do not support. In this case, extending the program for two years was a candy apple that made voting for the one-week toad of a CR acceptable. “I believe the need exists for further economic relief in response to the damage inflicted by the coronavirus pandemic. I am ready to support a rational package to provide it. “During a call with the Republican Conference, I urged our leadership to keep any coronavirus package separate from the anticipated omnibus measure funding the Federal Government. Of course, Speaker Pelosi may have other ideas. “Once again, congressional leadership finds itself expecting one enormous appropriations bill to address all the needs of the moment. The House should have followed regular order earlier and passed individual spending bills as the law demands. “At this point, at the very least, we ought to pass a standalone coronavirus relief measure. The price of aid for Americans suffering from the effects of COVID-19 should not be forcing Americans to accept an omnibus spending bill produced behind closed doors and loaded with unrelated extraneous provisions and excessive spending.” “I believe apprenticeships provide valuable education opportunities. I cannot support H.R. 8294 or its Republican alternative, however, because they spend billions of dollars of taxpayer money during a time of significant emergency spending. Congress has already passed trillions of dollars in response to the coronavirus, and more relief bills responding to this emergency are likely yet to come. While the pandemic continues, we should not be adding to the country’s substantial debt burden by voting for higher spending for new or expanded programs.” U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development today announced a $50 000 grant to the Town of Rich Creek for the purchase of office equipment and furnishings for the new town hall. Congressman Morgan Griffith (R-VA) issued the following statement: “Town halls provide community residents with many important resources. Today’s award of $50 000 from USDA Rural Development will allow The Town of Rich Creek to create an efficient operating space at their new town hall location, directly benefitting employees and the residents they serve.” The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) has awarded $207 982 to public housing agencies in three Southwest Virginia counties to support housing assistance for low-income residents. The funding was awarded through the CARES Act Housing Choice Voucher (HCV) Program Housing Assistance Payments (HAP). Congressman Morgan Griffith (R-VA) issued the following statement: “The coronavirus outbreak has inflicted economic hardship on many. HUD’s award of $207 982 for housing assistance in these counties will bring relief to individuals and families receiving housing assistance who are having greater difficulty paying their bills.” Griffith supported the CARES Act.  “Purchasing and equipping modern vehicles for public services can place a strain on budgets in rural communities. Today’s awards of $740 000 to the City of Norton and the Town of Clintwood from USDA Rural Development will assist in critical fire and sanitation services, services upon which rural residents rely.” “Purchasing and equipping modern vehicles for public services can place a strain on budgets in rural communities. Today’s award of $164 400 from USDA Rural Development will assist in public sanitation services upon which rural residents rely.” “Purchasing and equipping modern vehicles for public services can place a strain on budgets in rural communities. Today’s award of $35 000 from USDA Rural Development will assist in law enforcement services upon which rural residents rely.” U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development today awarded a loan of $18 730 000 to the Washington County Service Authority for improvements to water storage and distribution systems. Congressman Morgan Griffith (R-VA) issued the following statement: “Water infrastructure is important to the health, quality of life, and economic potential of all communities. This USDA Rural Development loan of $18 730 000 will support major upgrades to Washington County water systems, correcting health hazards such as lead and rust. This loan will also improve water pressure and construct 145 fire hydrants. This is a significant investment in Washington County’s infrastructure.” “The Commonwealth Crossing Business Centre is an important part of Henry County’s economic development strategy. ARC’s grant of $1.5 million to connect the site to natural gas service will make it more attractive to manufacturing operations, which will create jobs and support the local economy. I am excited by this big step forward.” “Substance abuse can throw a person’s life off track, including affecting his or her ability to hold a job. It can also present a problem for employers looking to hire. The Pathways to a Strong and Healthy Region project will coordinate efforts in the health care and economic development sectors to welcome those recovering from substance use disorders back into the workforce. ARC’s award of $1 494 000 will make a tremendous impact on this worthy and important project. “Substance abuse is tragically too common in our region. Countering it requires access to treatment and health services. The Health Wagon has been a critical health resource for many in Southwest Virginia, and the $793 500 in ARC support for the Southwest Virginia Medication-Assisted Treatment Services project will help it meet this need.” The Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) today awarded $50 000 to the LENOWISCO Planning District for the Tri-State Broadband Infrastructure Feasibility Study. Congressman Morgan Griffith (R-VA) issued the following statement: “Lack of access to broadband can inhibit economic opportunity and job creation. ARC’s award of $50 000 to LENOWISCO will contribute to closing the digital divide.” “Our region’s natural scenery draws visitors while offering recreation to residents, supporting economic growth. ARC’s award of $32 940 will advance the work of the New River Water Trail Expansion project to make local natural assets into destinations for tourists and locals seeking recreation activities.” Since COVID-19 first developed, we have learned a lot about the virus. Although far from unlocking all its secrets, scientists now know much more about its symptoms and transmission, as well as how to treat it. By contrast, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) does not appear to have learned much over the past few months. That is the unfortunate lesson to be drawn from her decision to put a bill with no chance of becoming law on the House floor months after the House already voted on a similar bill that went nowhere. The original bill, H.R. 6800, was dubbed the HEROES Act by the Democrats and passed the House in May. It spent $3.4 trillion, much of it on liberal priorities far removed from needs arising out of the coronavirus pandemic. That bill does not have enough support to pass the Senate. Previous coronavirus relief efforts have been signed into law by President Trump after passing both chambers with substantial bipartisan majorities. After H.R. 6800 was dead in the water for several months, the reasonable course of action for Speaker Pelosi would have been to negotiate with Republicans in good faith on a compromise that could become law. Instead, the House Democrat leadership opted to put a similar version of H.R. 6800 on the floor on October 1. Admittedly, HEROES Act 2.0 is less costly than the original bill. It would “only” spend $2.2 trillion. In a national emergency such as the pandemic, it is appropriate for Congress to spend more than it otherwise would, but that is not a license to spend freely on non-priorities. Further, Congress has already appropriated more than $3 trillion, much of which has not been spent. It is notable what did not make the cut in a $2.2 trillion bill. Among the provisions that were in H.R. 6800 in May was $600 million for the Community Oriented Policing Services grant program. That funding is now gone. But it still retains many of the original bill’s misguided, counterproductive, and unnecessary policy changes and spending. As Election Day nears, HEROES Act 2.0 imposes impossible and intrusive mandates on states regarding their conduct of elections, including prohibitions on voter ID requirements. These provisions take away control over administering elections from states, where it has traditionally resided, and opens the door to confusion and fraud. At this point, we know that a high unemployment supplement can provide individuals with more income than returning to work, deterring them from going back to their jobs. Many employers have told me that this is the case. If Speaker Pelosi was serious, she would have worked on a formula for unemployment that would work well in the different parts of the country, but HEROES 2.0 provides the same $600 per week provided for unemployment included when we didn’t have time to figure out a more effective formula. I would support a reasonable amount for an unemployment supplement, but not so much that it encourages people to stay unemployed. Further, illegal immigrants would be able to receive stimulus payments, as the bill does not require Social Security number verification. Police officers may not receive any more money from the bill, but coastal billionaires do with the repeal of limitations on the state and local tax (SALT) deduction. If you read this column regularly, you may remember this scheme, which has people in places like Saltville paying federal taxes to offset high local taxes in places like San Francisco and New York City. I voted no on this legislation, but I know there are proposals that will help people and have broad support. One such bill, H.R. 8265, introduced by Congressman Steve Chabot (R-OH), would allow qualified small businesses to receive a second loan from the Paycheck Protection Program, which has been an effective tool to keep Americans employed. It would also simplify the loan forgiveness process and expand eligible expenses covered by the loan. If brought to the House floor, I believe H.R. 8265 would pass easily. It would also have support in the Senate. Yet Speaker Pelosi refuses to put it to a vote, so I signed a discharge petition to bypass her and bring it to the floor. The pandemic has gone on for months, and our priorities in responding to it should be clear. It is unfortunate that House Democratic leaders have chosen to pursue other priorities. “Workforce development paves the way for economic opportunity. The more than $2 million awarded through the WORC program will support worker training that meets the economic needs of our region. These funds represent an impressive commitment to Southwest Virginia’s rural communities by the Trump Administration.” You may be familiar with them, too, because they are your frustrations. I have heard from too many Ninth District constituents who were forced off their insurance plans, charged ever-increasing premiums, or deprived of health care choices because of Obamacare’s unworkable and ill-conceived provisions. Residents of the Ninth District’s 22 counties and seven independent cities have only one health insurer from which they can purchase coverage. Just since June of this year, my office has received at least 54 separate complaints from constituents about Obamacare. I am ready to do my job. No matter how the Supreme Court rules on Obamacare’s constitutionality, Congress can act right now to improve health care in this country. I ask congressional Democrats to focus on working with Republicans to legislate rather than bullying Judge Barrett. In the House Energy and Commerce Committee, we have advanced many health care bills on a bipartisan basis only to see them upended by Speaker Pelosi. Take prescription drug reform. We unanimously passed a series of bills at the committee level tackling this subject, only to see the Speaker put them together with measures related to Obamacare that would not pass the Senate or be signed by President Trump. Speaker Pelosi did this again when she pushed H.R. 3, which tossed aside our bipartisan committee work on prescription drugs in favor of a heavy-handed and possibly unconstitutional approach. Republicans and Democrats also widely agree on protecting Americans with pre-existing health conditions. Republicans have introduced bills on this subject, yet Democrats would have you believe that the only possibly way to protect these individuals is to keep Obamacare in full.", dim1, 0.52, -0.365
cline,"Virginians across the Commonwealth are hurting, and that is why I fully supported President Trump's call to raise the dollar amount of Emergency Relief Checks from $600 to $2000 by offsetting it with cuts to wasteful spending included in the bill. Sadly, Democrats voted down our attempt to make these changes last week. Therefore, because the bill only included half of President Trump's proposal, I could not support the bill as written. which will help ensure Members of Congress and the public are afforded the necessary time to read and review legislation before a vote is called on the House Floor. The House currently has a rule in place in which a bill cannot be voted on until 72-hours after its introduction. However, this rule is regularly avoided by stripping an existing bill of its text and "amending" it with entirely new language. H. Res. 1086 would require that in addition to the 72-hour notice for bill introduction, the actual text to be voted on must be published at least 48-hours before the vote. Adding this rule strengthens the current 72-hour rule by providing an additional layer of protection for the legislative text being considered, thus closing a loophole used far too frequently in Congress. Further, the 48-Hour Bill Review Resolution would require the House to pass an altogether separate resolution in order to waive the waiting period required under H. Res. 1086. Rep. Cline said, "One of the most basic principles of representative government is that the American people should be afforded time to review legislation prior to it being voted on by those they elect to serve in their name. This is not a partisan issue, and the standards set forth in H. Res. 1086 will bring greater accountability regardless of which party is in the majority. This legislation is the third in a series of bipartisan reform bills that Congressmen Cline and Phillips have introduced together this month. In the past two weeks, the Congressmen have also introduced H.R. 7949, the SMART Government Act and H.R. 8022, the Lobbying Disclosure Reform Act.", dim1, 0.72, -0.202
wittman,"Let me be very clear: the FY21 NDAA does right by our men and women in uniform and provides sound, strong defense policy for the coming year and the coming challenges. It will give our armed forces the tools and resources they need to deter our adversaries, support our allies, and project power around the globe. The Commonwealth of Virginia is home to one of the largest populations of military members and their families in the country and many more hardworking Americans who develop and support the platforms, systems, and programs that our warfighters use to execute their critical missions around the globe. FY21 NDAA goes a long way to support our region’s path to economic recovery. While I understand the concerns of President Trump, simply put, this is a defense bill and the President’s concerns are not defense-related. Lawmakers have been able to pass this bill for 59 years on a bipartisan and bicameral basis by taking painstaking measures to keep the NDAA focused on our national security and setting aside non-related policy items. There are better ways to address the issues brought up by the President that do not jeopardize our nation’s security interests or punish our military members. I agree that we must address President Trump’s concerns regarding Section 230. That is why I support Rep. Paul Gosar’s (AZ-04) Stop the Censorship Act. Section 230 currently provides online platforms with immunity for the removal of anything they perceive to be ‘otherwise objectionable.’ This legislation revokes immunity for the removal of competition and lawful political speech, extends free speech online, empowers users to protect themselves from objectionable material. This provision also incentivizes platforms to be more transparent and abide by their own terms of service. Most importantly, separating this bill from FY21 NDAA gives us the opportunity to pass the requisite defense legislation to ensure our men and women in uniform are given the resources they need to keep our Country safe. Our servicemembers and our national security professionals need this legislation and the authorizations and policies it provides. I refuse to put them at risk—this legislation is too important not to pass. Through his work as the Ranking Member of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee and as a conferee in the Conference Committee process for the FY21 NDAA, Congressman Wittman was able to work with his colleagues to secure the restoration of a second Virginia-class submarine and the required advanced procurement to maintain the necessary two-per-year build rate to keep pace with shipbuilding goals. These submarines are critical to both national defense strategy and the Commonwealth’s economy. Additionally, the FY21 NDAA saw the inclusion of Congressman Wittman’s bill, H.R. 7195, which will allow for the multi-year procurement of three smaller amphibious ships and one large deck amphibious ship that will save the taxpayers roughly a billion dollars. Ultimately, the shipbuilding account procures nine battle force ships including one Columbia-class fleet ballistic missile submarine; two Virginia-class submarines; two DDG 51 Arleigh Burke destroyers; one guided missile Frigate (FFG); two T-ATS towing, salvage, and rescue ships; and one expeditionary fast transport ship (EPF).Outside the Seapower portfolio, the FY21 NDAA included another bill written by Congressman Wittman, H.R.8263, which ensures opportunities for Department of Defense participation in wildlife conservation banking programs. This measure will establish accountable objective, measurable criteria for conservation results, giving the Department of Defense additional tools to advance military readiness. This is a win for the Department of Defense, our environment, and our wildlife. The FY21 NDAA also fully funds the critical B-21 Raider bomber program, as well as the Columbia-class ballistic missile submarine program and provides additional P-8 aircraft to combat the undersea threat. Finally, it includes the creation and authorization of the Tanker Fleet Security Program, a program that will continue to address our inability to appropriately transport fuel by creating a stipend for ten U.S.-flagged fuel transport ships to be chartered for this purpose. The FY21 NDAA includes several other provisions Congressman Wittman is proud to support such as a 3.0% pay raise for servicemembers, funding for future warfare projects done in Virginia’s First District (such as the railgun and directed energy projects), and making sure the Armed Forces have the diagnostic equipment, testing capabilities, and the personal protective equipment necessary to protect servicemembers from the threat of infectious diseases. The offices of President and Vice President were created by the U.S. Constitution, and when a state legislature exercises its power to determine the manner in which electors are chosen, that power is governed solely by the federal Constitution. No state constitution, state law, state governor, state election official, or court can alter or constrain that grant of power. More than a century ago, this Court applied the plain meaning of the Electors Clause and recognized the exclusive authority of the state legislatures to act for the people with respect to selection of electors. The Court explained: The appointment of these electors is thus placed absolutely and wholly with the legislatures of the several States. This power is conferred upon the legislatures of the States by the Constitution of the United States, and cannot be taken from them or modified by their State constitutions. Simply put: Article II, Section 1, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution states that presidential electors must be appointed according to rules established by each state’s legislature. Yet in the months before the 2020 election, the constitutional authority of state legislatures was simply usurped by various governors, state courts, state election officials, and others when state election laws were deliberately changed in certain states without the approval of the states’ legislatures. This raised a constitutional question, which is why I signed on to the amicus brief in Texas v. Pennsylvania, et al. The amici respectfully asserted that it is the solemn duty of the U.S. Supreme Court to provide an objective review to determine for the people if indeed the Constitution had been followed and the rule of law maintained. The amicus brief was intended to focus on a broader constitutional question by asking the Supreme Court to uphold the clear constitutional authority of the state legislatures to establish the manner by which electors are appointed. In the end, the State of Texas raised an important constitutional question. It asked the Supreme Court to settle it, but the court decided not to answer that question. I respect the court’s decision. That is what makes this nation great: following due process, letting our system work, and ensuring that the voices of all Americans are heard. to be clear: I don’t support anything except the constitutionally grounded methods to question the system. I don’t support anything other than an orderly transition of power. That said, we cannot be afraid of asking the tough questions. It has always been crucial to me to ensure that every person I represent in Virginia’s 1st District has their voice heard in Washington. Over the past several years, many Americans have questioned the transparency and accuracy of our electoral system. In 2005, congressional Democrats challenged the electoral votes of Ohio during the 2004 presidential election. In 2016, many believed bad actors from outside of the United States worked to undermine our election processes. And following the 2020 election, I heard from many constituents whose confidence in the election has been shaken because of perceived examples of irregularities and potential fraud in the voting process. Our constitutional republic has endured for nearly two and a half centuries based on the principle that a government’s validity stems from the consent of the governed. That consent is grounded in people’s confidence in the legitimacy of our institutions of government. Among our most fundamental institutions is the system of free and fair elections that we rely upon, and any erosion in that foundation jeopardizes the stability of our republic. It is critical for our republic to restore the confidence of all Americans in our electoral processes and that we ensure all elections are secure. As the Supreme Court has long noted, “No right is more precious in a free country than that of having a voice in the election of those who make the laws under which, as good citizens, we must live. Other rights, even the most basic, are illusory if the right to vote is undermined” (Wesberry v. Sanders, 376 U.S. 1, 17 (1964)). As a member of Congress, I take the oath of office to “... solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter: So help me God. I will continue to defend the Constitution and faithfully discharge the duties as your representative in Washington. As I have spoken with many constituents, I hear clearly their passion and concern for our country. As I move forward in serving you in Congress, I will seek the opportunity to come together and pass meaningful policies that matter most to the 1st District of Virginia. I will continue to fight to invest in a strong national defense, ensure we increase access to broadband coverage in our rural areas, and improve our transportation infrastructure and education systems. We are truly blessed to live in the greatest country on Earth, one that relies on our institutions, on our fellow citizens, and on the rule of law to see us through. Over the past four years, our nation has undergone remarkable change—landmark fiscal legislation, a record-breaking economy, criminal justice reform, and the hope of a brighter future for all Americans. Many of President Trump’s initiatives have impacted our nation for the better. When our nation faced adversity and division, our constituents sought out community. When national political differences rose to the fore of the conversation, stories of kindness and the Virginian spirit shone through the local headlines. While we have faced one of the most unprecedented chapters of our nation’s history, we have endured. And we will continue to endure, togeth At a time when so many Americans are truly suffering, I cannot understand why the majority has not been willing to meet Republicans in the middle to pass a bipartisan bill. Since this bill, like the HEROES Act in May, was drafted with only Democratic input, it will surely meet the same fate: it will not pass the Senate, it will not be signed into law, and it will only serve as another political message piece for Democratic Leadership too focused on scoring wins for themselves instead of wins for the American people. Speaker Pelosi has refused to consider bipartisan solutions since passing the highly partisan HEROES Act in May, and has not come to the negotiating table with a real solution. In fact, I wrote to Speaker Pelosi personally on September 18, requesting bipartisan action to achieve real results for the American people suffering most from the effects of COVID-19. I believe there is common ground to provide relief to millions of struggling Americans through continued unemployment relief, extension of the job-saving Paycheck Protection Program, and an additional round of individual economic impact payments. I also joined my colleagues in signing a discharge petition to bypass Speaker Pelosi and bring the extension of the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) to a vote in the House of Representatives. The original Paycheck Protection Program expired on August 8th with $134 billion in unspent funds, yet Speaker Pelosi continues to block this measure to assist small businesses. Instead, House Democrats have again attempted to ram through an unrelated wish list of partisan riders and far-left demands, many of which are not related to COVID-19 relief. Heroes 2.0 was doomed from the very beginning, and that is thanks to the actions of the House Majority Leadership unwilling to work with their colleagues across the aisle, in the Senate, and in the Administration. As we prepare to recess for October, the lack of results can only be blamed on lack of bipartisan focus from the House Majority. We owe it to the American people to find real solutions to help those who have been most impacted by the pandemic. Congress needs to stay in Washington to finish the job and provide the support Virginians need to recover effectively The ACE Act is a once in a generation advancement to clean up the Chesapeake Bay and protect and conserve our natural environment across America,” Congressman Wittman said. “The Bay is a national treasure, and the ACE Act provides additional resources and extends critical conservation programs that preserve wetlands, reduce pollution and increase recreational opportunities in Virginia. The ACE Act would make record investments in the Chesapeake Bay and establish several programs to boost the health of the watershed. The recreational fishing industry is grateful to Rep. Wittman for his dedication in helping to secure the ACE Act’s passage,” said Mike Leonard, the American Sportfishing Association’s Vice President of Government Affairs. “The ACE Act includes several provisions that will directly benefit the important fisheries of Virginia’s 1st Congressional District, including the health of the Chesapeake Bay. In addition, Rep. Wittman championed language in the ACE Act to authorize the National Fish Habitat Partnership, a successful program that supports public-private partnerships to restore fish habitat. Rep. Wittman is a tireless advocate for natural resource conservation, and his leadership on the ACE Act is further evidence of that. Outdoor recreation, including hunting, fishing, and wildlife watching, is a powerful and resilient sector of the Chesapeake Bay region’s economy that has continued to grow even during these challenging times,” said Joel Dunn, President and CEO, Chesapeake Conservancy. “In Virginia, outdoor recreation results in nearly $22 billion in direct consumer spending each year and supports direct 197 000 jobs. The ACE Act will provide direct and strong support for the health of the Chesapeake Bay and local economies, allowing wildlife and outdoor recreation to continue to thrive. The passage of the ACE Act today is fantastic news for the conservation community,” said Ducks Unlimited CEO Adam Putnam. “In a package filled with vitally important conservation provisions, perhaps none are more crucial to waterfowl habitat than the reauthorization of NAWCA. Thank you to all the members of Congress who have identified the importance of conservation and worked with DU and others to achieve one of our highest legislative priorities. We’re elated to see such game-changing legislation pass both chambers of Congress, and we stand ready to help implement this important piece of America’s conservation legacy once the President signs it into law. After years of working to get this legislation enacted, the Congressional Sportsmen’s Foundation (CSF) is pleased to see the America’s Conservation Enhancement Act pass Congress with overwhelming bipartisan support,” said CSF President Jeff Crane. “The ACE Act includes a number of long-standing priorities for the sporting-conservation community, and we are grateful for the leadership of Congressman Wittman to help secure passage of this legislation out of the House. Most notably, the ACE Act contains two pieces of legislation sponsored by Congressman Wittman: National Fish Habitat Conservation Through Partnerships Act, which establishes the National Fish Habitat Board to (1) encourage partnerships among public agencies and other interested parties to promote fish conservation, (2) establish national goals and priorities for fish habitat conservation, (3) recommend to Congress entities for designation as a Fish Habitat Partnership, and (4) review and make recommendations regarding fish habitat conservation projects. eliminating several funding cliffs over next several years Ends surprise medical billing True and honest cost estimate for patients three days prior to scheduled procedure Arbitration – independent dispute resolution process with no benchmark rate and multiple factors (but not government program reimbursement rates) which can be considered in arbitration process Supports Front Line Health Care Providers by injecting billions of dollars into Medicare physician pay in 2021 and heading off payment cuts due to be enacted next year Improves support for Rural and Underserved Health Care Environment Wins Allows the transfer of National Park Service lands for the Long Bridge Project under Congressman Wittman’s Long Bridge Act Funds the Bureau of Indian Affairs' Consolidated Tribal Government Program above the enacted level, to the benefit of Virginia’s federally recognized tribes, which Congressman Wittman helped receive recognition in 2018 Funds the vital North American Wetlands Conservation Fund Law Enforcement Wins Rejects efforts to defund the police and provides strong support for our nation’s federal, state, and local law enforcement Strongly supports our nation’s federal, state, and local law enforcement officers by increasing funding for the Department of Justice and preserving federal grant programs that bolster state and local efforts to keep our communities safe Expands law enforcement resources in support of mental and behavioral health intervention teams, de-escalation training, agencies gaining accreditation, and small and rural law enforcement agencies Provides increased funding for Department of Justice initiatives, such as the STOP School Violence and the COPS Hiring programs, which expand threat assessment, violence prevention, school hardening, and resource officer support Combats the drug epidemic by increasing funds for Office of National Drug Control Policy programs such as High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas and Drug Free Communities Reduces violent and gun crimes by: Fully funding the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS); Increasing funding for U.S. Attorneys; Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives; and U.S. Marshals Service to address violent crime; and Providing $85 million in grants to states to improve records used in background checks, and $24 million for police active shooter and survivability training Energy Wins Continues to advance the nation’s “all-of-the-above” solution to energy independence through targeted investments in research and development in all energy sources, including nuclear, fossil, geothermal, and hydropower, as well as solar and wind Provides $368 million to protect our nation’s energy infrastructure against cyber and other attacks and to increase the efficiency and technological advancement of the nation’s electricity delivery system Pro-Life Wins Prohibits federal funds from being used to pay for abortions except in cases of rape, incest, or life endangerment of the mother Prohibits the creation or destruction of embryos for research purposes Protects the Trump Administration’s Title X Family Planning regulations Maintains the Hyde Amendment, Tiahrt Amendment, Helms Amendment, Dickey Amendment, and Kemp Kasten Amendment, maintaining critical pro-life funding restrictions Border Security Wins Rejects poison pill riders that would have limited the ability of Border Patrol to detain illegal migrants in the U.S., and would have allowed taxpayer dollars for legal assistance to illegal immigrants Assists Border Patrol Agents by providing $20 million for new border processing coordinators and $103 million for improvements to border patrol facilities Funds the border wall, providing $1.375 billion in new funding Provides funding for investments in border security technology, including at ports of entry, and $80 million over the request for additional enforcement aircraft and helicopters", dim1, 0.451, 0.001
wexton,"today called for a court order to extend Virginia's voter registration deadline following extended disruptions of the Virginia Department of Elections website on the final day of registration. Their statement came as the Virginia Information Technologies Agency said it could provide "no estimated time of restoration" to state technology services brought down by a severed fiber in Chester, Virginia. They said: "The shutdown of Virginia's online voter registration threatens to prevent many Virginians from casting their ballots in the 2020 election. Three weeks before the election, nearly one million Virginians have already voted, which speaks to the importance voters across the Commonwealth attach to participating in this election. They must be given every opportunity to do so. "It is imperative that the deadline for Virginians to register to vote be extended. We hope the courts will swiftly grant such an extension, and we hope they will take into account the disruptions to registration that have already occurred and the time that it will take to inform the public about new opportunities to register. Given these important factors, we believe a 72-hour registration extension after the Department of Elections online portal is restored would be appropriate." A federal judge previously granted an extension to Virginia's voter registration deadline in 2016 after heavy web traffic resulted in disruptions to the registration portal. Today, Congresswoman Jennifer Wexton (D-VA-10) voted to pass the Marijuana Opportunity Reinvestment and Expungement (MORE) Act to end the federal prohibition and criminalization of marijuana. "I am proud to support the MORE Act's passage to federally decriminalize marijuana and address the toll criminalization has taken, particularly on communities of color," said Congresswoman Jennifer Wexton. "Decriminalizing marijuana is an economics issue, a social justice issue, and a racial justice issue. The MORE Act supports those who have been disproportionately impacted by criminalization by providing for the expungement of federal marijuana convictions, reinvesting in communities, and creating opportunities to share in the economic benefits of legal cannabis." By decriminalizing marijuana at the federal level, the MORE Act allows states to have the ability to create legal frameworks to regulate cannabis without federal interference. The bill supports states that have already made reforms of their marijuana policies, as Virginia took steps to do earlier this year, and removes federal barriers for those who have yet to do so. The legislation also facilitates the expungement of low-level federal marijuana convictions and incentivizes state and local governments to take similar actions. Additionally, it takes steps to address the consequences of criminalization, particularly the disproportionate impact on communities of color. People of color are nearly 4 times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than their white counterparts, despite equal rates of use across populations. Through federal taxes imposed on the cannabis industry, the bill funds grant programs targeting those impacted by criminalization by providing support for community re-entry, minimizing barriers to cannabis licensing, and assisting cannabis small businesses owned by socially or economically disadvantaged individuals. Removing federal marijuana restrictions and allowing states to legalize at the state level could allow the federal government to collect over $100 billion in tax revenue annually. Legal cannabis has created more than 250 000 jobs, with a projected growth rate of 250% over a ten-year period. In 2019, legal marijuana sales were over $12 billion dollars which would have otherwise gone to the illicit market. announced today that her office has helped recover $4.5 million owed to constituents from federal agencies, such as the Department of Veterans Affairs, Social Security Administration, and the Internal Revenue Service. Her team has resolved a total of 3 275 cases in service to the people of Virginia's 10th District and responded to over 100 000 constituent letters and emails. Stories of just a few of these constituents are included below. "Since the day I took office, my team and I have been working tirelessly on behalf of the people of Virginia-10. I believe that our constituent services are second to none," said Congresswoman Jennifer Wexton. "The casework that my office has completed is one of the most direct ways we can make a difference in the everyday lives of my constituents, especially as we continue to face the many challenges of COVID-19. To everyone in Virginia-10, please know that my team and I are always here to assist in any way that we can." Since the transition to remote work in March, Wexton's office has provided uninterrupted constituent services. The office has closed 2 190 cases during the COVID-19 crisis to help constituents access critical services and programs from the federal government. Wexton and her team have been in constant communication with constituents during COVID-19. She has hosted 19 total town halls, including 9 during the pandemic, sends updates via weekly newsletters, and has continually emphasized that those who need help should not hesitate to reach out to her office. Some examples of successful cases that Wexton's team has closed during COVID-19 include Helping a constituent's mother who had been stranded in India for several months because of the pandemic find flight options after being unable to take a repatriation flight from the State Department Working with the IRS to help resolve a discrepancy with a constituent's reported income and withheld federal taxes that was holding up her refund. The discrepancy was addressed and the constituent's refund was released, all before the IRS notified her of the issue Connecting a constituent who is a 1099 employee with the Virginia Employment Commission (VEC) to address an outstanding issue on her account. The constituent received Pandemic Unemployment Assistance (PUA) benefits totaling $6 500 of backpay. If constituents can't get an answer from a federal agency in a timely fashion, or if they feel they have been treated unfairly, Congresswoman Wexton's office may be able to help resolve a problem or get constituents the information they need. While Wexton's office cannot always guarantee constituents a favorable outcome, staff will always work to ensure constituents receive a fair and timely response to their problem. Wexton's office has also compiled an online resource guide to help constituents navigate the COVID-19 crisis, connecting them to important information on everything from local food assistance to small business lending programs. Below are testimonials from constituents who have received help from Wexton's office: "Two weeks after Rep. Wexton made an inquiry with the USCIS, we received a green card that my mother has been waiting for for almost 2 years! I am forever grateful for that." -- Olga from South Riding "This office is amazingly timely, courteous, and professional. It was a real inspiration in my opinion of today's government to have received this personalized assistance. Well done!" -- Richard from Winchester "Once I FAXed the required documents, within a day or two, [Rep. Wexton's office] had submitted my package to the VA Regional Pension Management Office requesting expedited consideration. In less than a month the VA had approved her benefits accelerating a process that we feared would take us beyond the point where the benefits could make a real difference." -- Richard, for his mother who lives in Leesburg The House of Representatives passed a bill authored by Congresswoman Jennifer Wexton to rename the downtown Leesburg post office after Norman Duncan, a World War II veteran and longtime Loudoun community member. "I'm proud that we are taking an important step to honor the life of the late Norman Duncan, a beloved member of our Loudoun County community," said Congresswoman Jennifer Wexton. "Mr. Duncan's lifetime of service as a World War II veteran, advocate for caregivers, and a loving friend and neighbor deserves to be recognized and celebrated. The passage of my bill to rename the downtown Leesburg post office in his honor brings us one step closer to making Mr. Duncan's legacy a lasting part of our community." The bill was passed by unanimous consent in the House last week and now moves on to the Senate. More details about the life of Mr. Duncan and his service to the Loudoun County community are available below. Today, Congresswoman Jennifer Wexton (D-VA) introduced a bill to rename the downtown Leesburg post office after Norman Duncan, a World War II veteran and beloved member of the Loudoun County community. "Norman Duncan was a true giant in Loudoun County. Since my time in the State Senate, I've witnessed firsthand how his life of public service touched so many in our community, especially through his advocacy for veterans and caregivers," said Congresswoman Jennifer Wexton. "My legislation to rename the post office in his honor will ensure that his impact on Loudoun County is remembered. Those who visit will be reminded of Norman's generosity of heart and genuine care for others." "Loudoun County owes immense gratitude to Norman Duncan for his service to our country and his community. Norman was a distinguished World War II veteran, an advocate for caregivers, and a beloved figure in Loudoun County. I'm so pleased that his memory and legacy will forever be enshrined in our community," said Chair Phyllis Randall, Loudoun County Board of Supervisors. "We heartily endorse the project to have the downtown Leesburg post office named after Norm Duncan. Norm was a longtime member of the Post here in McLean and a regular at our meetings for many years. He was a great American and an active member of our local community. We look forward to celebrating his life at the naming of the postal facility in his honor, " said Marshal Hyman, Commander at the American Legion Post 270. Mr. Duncan led a distinguished career in the military. He was drafted during World War II and became a member of the 29th Infantry Division, 116th Regiment, E Company. Following a training accident, he was reassigned to General Eisenhower's extended staff and special services division, rising to the rank of Master Sergeant. He was in charge of logistics and supply for U.S. bases in Great Britain and supported Operation Torch in North Africa and Operation Overlord in Normandy, France. For his service, he received the Legion of Honor from France in 2018. Mr. Duncan moved to Virginia following his military service, working as a transportation logistics specialist and volunteering his skills and expertise for two presidential administrations, serving on President Carter's National Defense Executive Reserve and consulting on transportation logistics for President Reagan's inaugural committee. In Loudoun County, Mr. Duncan was an advocate for caregivers and founded the Labor of Love Day, a celebration of caregivers that is observed every Labor Day in Loudoun. He also served as chairman of the International Caregivers Association and was on the Loudoun County Transportation Economic Development Committee and the board of the Loudoun Symphony. Mr. Duncan was named one of the 100 most influential people in Loudoun County in 2016. At a virtual roundtable today hosted by Congresswoman Jennifer Wexton (D-VA-10), participants discussed the importance of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and accessing health care, especially during COVID-19. Wexton and her guests discussed what overturning the ACA would mean for Virginia families. Next month, the Supreme Court is set to hear oral arguments in California v. Texas, a case backed by the Trump administration that could strike down the law in its entirety in the midst of the COVID-19 global pandemic. Wexton was joined by Tasha Nelson, a Little Lobbyists Ambassador, parent, and Virginia-10 constituent; Leslie Dach, Chair of Protect Our Care; Dr. Anastasia Williams, Pediatric Director for Novant UVA Health; and Carol Jameson, Chief Executive Officer at HealthWorks for Northern Virginia. "Less than a month from now, the Supreme Court will hear a case that could determine the fate of the Affordable Care Act, which has provided more than 20 million Americans with affordable health care and protects more than 3.5 million Virginians who live with pre-existing conditions," said Congresswoman Jennifer Wexton. "Now more than ever, access to quality, affordable health care is crucial for Virginia families as we continue to battle COVID-19. The pandemic has exposed gaps in our health care system and has underscored how critical it is to protect and build on the ACA to get more Americans covered." Congresswoman Wexton opened the roundtable by talking about the stakes of the ACA case before the Supreme Court. If the case is successful, protections for those with pre-existing conditions -- including more than 3.5 million Virginians -- could be eliminated, among many other important provisions. Medicaid expansion, which Wexton helped pass in the Virginia state Senate in 2017 and has helped over 400 000 Virginians get coverage, could also be in jeopardy. You can watch Leslie Dach, Chair of Protect Our Care, explain what could happen if the law is stuck down here Virginia-10 constituent and ambassador with the Little Lobbyists, Tasha Nelson, shared the story of her family's experience with the ACA. As the mom of a son with complex medical needs, Tasha and her family have benefitted from the elimination of lifetime caps on costs covered by insurance companies, thanks to the ACA. With the ACA under threat, Virginians like Tasha's son could hit the lifetime cap in their first few years of life. Also joining the roundtable were Dr. Anastasia Williams, Pediatric Director for Novant UVA Health, and Carol Jameson, Chief Executive Officer at HealthWorks for Northern Virginia. They spoke about the impacts of the ACA from a provider's perspective, including its importance during COVID-19. According to data released by the Virginia Department of Medical Assistance Services, a total of 92 000 Virginians enrolled in Medicaid between March 12, the start of the pandemic, and June 30. That's over 55 000 more people enrolled than anticipated, which the Department attributes to Medicaid expansion. The roundtable also discussed the disproportionate impacts of COVID-19 on minority communities and what Congress can continue to do to keep our families and communities safe. Protecting and expanding access to affordable, quality health care has been a top priority for Congresswoman Wexton throughout her career in public service. One of the first votes taken by Wexton in Congress was to allow the House of Representatives to enter the legal battle in defense of the ACA. Wexton has also voted to pass legislation that would lower the cost of premiums, shore up individual markets, guarantee protections for pre-existing conditions, and lower the cost of prescription drugs. "We represent the people of the National Capital Region. We are alarmed and dismayed by the casual disregard for the health of our community, including constituents who work at the White House as staff, agents or officers of the United States Secret Service, journalists of the White House Correspondents Association, and the general public. "Daily announcements of new infections among the political, press, and custodial staff show that the coronavirus outbreak at the White House is out of control. "We call upon the White House Chief of Staff to take prompt steps to help control the spread of the virus among people who work for or around the President, including: * An immediate commitment to total transparency with staff, press, and the public; * Disclosure of the date of the President's most recent negative COVID-19 test result, which is vital for a full understanding of who might have been exposed to infection; * Release of the total number of positive tests among White House personnel; * Expedited contact tracing to identify and notify anyone who came into contact with the President or infected staff within the period of time when they were contagious; * Cooperation with local and state health departments to assist their contact tracing efforts; * Requirements that face coverings be worn by all persons inside the White House, on White House grounds, and inside executive office buildings; * Requirements that all persons without exception observe social distancing, and quarantine following exposure to infected individuals; * Maximal use of telework to mitigate the public health risk to staff; and * Direct, regular communication with White House personnel to share new information and explain steps being taken to protect their health and safety. "This is no time for publicity stunts that put people at risk, or for playing down the seriousness of this pandemic. The American people will never trust the Administration to keep them safe if the White House cannot protect its own staff." Their statement came amid multiple reports confirming that the White House failed to directly notify employees and others in harm's way of the infections of the President, First Lady, and their staff for several days as infections grew, took unnecessary risks that raised the risk of infecting additional people, and failed to initiate or cooperate with contact tracing efforts in the District of Columbia, New Jersey, Ohio, Minnesota, and Virginia. The District of Columbia today reported its highest single-day coronavirus case increase since the beginning of June. "Senate Republicans have rammed through an extreme Supreme Court Justice just in time to hear a case that could rip away health care from millions of Americans. Yet, for more than five months, they have refused to work with the House on a desperately-needed COVID relief package. "Additionally, millions of Virginians have already cast their ballots in this election, which ends in just eight days. Leader McConnell has denied the American people the right to have their voices heard on this extraordinarily consequential appointment. "This process tells you everything you need to know about the Senate Republicans' priorities -- this is not about the American people, it is about holding onto power." introduced the Federal Worker Leave Fairness Act, legislation that will allow all federal workers to carry over the leave they have accrued when a national pandemic prevents employees from taking time off of work. Federal workers that accrue over 240 hours of annual leave either lose the hours above the cap or have to attempt to use it before the end of the year. Using leave hours during a national pandemic may not be possible because a worker provides a critical government service for taxpayers, needs to limit exposure to COVID-19, or follows state and local restrictions to limit the spread of the virus. "During any national emergency, members of the federal workforce make incredible contributions and personal sacrifices that often go unseen. We know that many have deferred leave-taking as a result of COVID-19. This bill ensures that they are not penalized for that decision," said Senator Cardin. "Thousands of dedicated federal workers have been tirelessly responding to the coronavirus pandemic, including U.S. Postal Service employees, Internal Revenue Service and Social Security Administration workers, and National Institutes of Health researchers," Senator Hirono said. "Our nation has leaned on them as they deliver medicines and Social Security checks, assist Americans with filing their taxes, develop a vaccine, and provide other vital services. This bill makes sure that no federal worker loses their leave because of this or any future pandemic." "Because of the president's failed leadership, the U.S. has not gotten the COVID-19 pandemic under control. Some federal employees have not been able to take time off because they're providing critical services to taxpayers during the public health emergency. These public servants shouldn't lose the ability to take that leave in the future just because they worked hard during the pandemic. This legislation will ensure that it's easier for those workers to carry over and use the annual leave they have earned," said Senator Brown. "During this pandemic, our nation's federal workers--including researchers at NIH, workers at IRS and so many others--have been working hard to help fight the virus, provide important services, and keep us safe. They've been going above and beyond--and it's unacceptable that their non-stop hard work could mean that they lose the paid leave they have earned," said Senator Murray. "No workers should be stripped of benefits during a pandemic--and that absolutely includes public servants who are working on behalf of the American people. I'm proud to introduce this important legislation alongside Senator Hirono, to ensure that federal workers can carry over their leave after this unprecedented year." "Over the past six months, communities across the nation have relied heavily on federal workers who have often been on the front lines of the COVID-19 pandemic and they deserve to keep the paid leave they have earned," said Senator Duckworth. "I'm proud to join my colleagues on this important bill to ensure those who worked tirelessly to make sure Americans have what they need during this crisis can carry over the time off that they've earned." "Our bill will allow all federal employees to carry over unused annual leave to next year, making sure no federal employee is forced to lose earned leave due to this pandemic," said Senator Schatz. "Federal workers are tirelessly working, night and day, to provide critical services for the country and prevent the spread of COVID-19 -- many of whom may not have the flexibility to take any time, and are now at risk of losing their leave. Whether for this pandemic or for any future public health emergency, our bill would ensure that these dedicated workers get to enjoy their hard earned benefits," Senator Warren said. In response to Fairfax County Commonwealth's Attorney Steve Descano announcing charges filed against the two U.S. Park Police officers for the 2017 killing of Bijan Ghaisar, issued the following statement: "After nearly three years of stonewalling, lies, and cover up, this is a major leap forward towards the justice that the Ghaisar family deserves. "We've all seen the video of these officers firing unprovoked into Bijan's car. We've held hearings in Congress to demand answers. We've called on the Justice Department, the FBI, and the Park Police to provide transparency and accountability. Yet, we've been given no answers, no explanation, and no justice. "The DOJ would rather close the book on this case and move on -- but we refuse to let that happen until justice is done. "We applaud Fairfax Commonwealth's Attorney Steve Descano for taking this necessary action to hold those involved with Bijan's killing responsible." We write to you today as we are deeply concerned about the actions of the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic. As you know, Americans are currently facing the worst public health crisis in a century and we appreciate the work that you and your states are doing on the front lines to address it. Yet, in the middle of the COVID-19 pandemic, the EPA has taken several actions that will increase pollution and cause significant adverse impacts to public health and our environment. Specifically, the relaxation of the Enforcement and Compliance Assurance Program, outlined in the EPA memorandum released on March 26, 2020, could have significant negative impacts on the health of the Chesapeake Bay and its 64 000 square mile watershed, and those Americans who depend on it for recreation, fishing, and clean water. As the Executives of the states containing the Chesapeake Bay watershed, each of you is entrusted with the responsibility of preserving and restoring the health of the nation's largest estuary and its thousands of rivers and streams. Since the states and EPA agreed to the Chesapeake Bay watershed restoration goals in 2010, much progress has been made towards improving the health of the watershed. Today, we are at a critical juncture. Positive signs of recovery have emerged in the Chesapeake Bay itself and in tributaries throughout the entire watershed, proving that the collaborative restoration effort is working. We are more than half-way to achieving the shared goal of clean water by 2025. However, each jurisdiction still has much work left to do, as detailed in your recent Phase III Watershed Implementation Plans (WIP). And we are concerned that the recent decision from EPA on environmental enforcement during the COVID-19 pandemic could weaken your ability to achieve the goal of clean water by 2025. The vitality of the Chesapeake Bay watershed is contingent upon compliance with statutory pollution limitations. EPA's decision to refrain from enforcement action against entities' failure to comply with their obligations under federal law, federal permits, EPA administrative orders and EPA-related judicial consent decrees abdicates its duty to "protect human health and the environment." During the worst public health crisis in a century, we expect EPA to prioritize its core mission of protecting public health and our environment. Additionally, communities of color and low-income neighborhoods in our watershed, and across the nation, will disproportionally bear the brunt of pollution attributed to the announcement that normal enforcement operations are indefinitely suspended. These populations, in particular, have endured public health disparities for years due in part to the fact that many households in these communities live in close proximity to such facilities. EPA's changes to enforcement and compliance standards may slow the march toward greater environmental justice and expose people who are already at a high risk for contracting COVID-19 and other diseases to greater danger. We urge you all to reject the EPA's memorandum and provide an update on your plans to ensure critical and essential environmental enforcement within your authorities during this time. Maintaining transparency and the ability for the public to comment on any actions is necessary at all times, especially now, and we urge all state and local governments to utilize technology to meet these obligations. As many of you are partnering to respond to COVID-19 on a regional basis, we must all work together to meet our mutual goal of clean water in the Chesapeake Bay watershed by 2025. Our unique partnership of states, localities, and the Federal government has led to tremendous progress to restore the Chesapeake Bay watershed that we share. We have urged EPA to reverse its damaging decision and ask that you continue your longstanding commitment to enforce environmental laws and make progress towards our 2025 goals. "As members of the Pro-Choice Caucus, we know that reproductive health, rights, and justice are at stake with this nomination," the lawmakers wrote. "President Trump has repeatedly said he will only nominate justices who are hostile to abortion. During the 2016 election, President Trump campaigned on his commitment to nominating justices who would overturn Roe v. Wade. That is his litmus test and, based on her record and public statements, we know that Judge Barrett meets this test." In the letter sent to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY), Judiciary Chairman Lindsey Graham (R-SC) and Judiciary Ranking Member Diane Feinstein (D-CA), the lawmakers noted Judge Amy Coney Barrett's desire to strike down rights for all Americans, including reproductive freedoms and affordable health care. "Judge Barrett's record shows she is a clear and present threat to Roe and reproductive freedom," the lawmakers wrote. "She has publicly opposed abortion and ascribes to such extreme views that she could also call into question the legality of certain forms of birth control and fertility care. She has suggested that Roe is an "erroneous decision," stated that life begins at conception, sided with states trying to restrict abortion access, and joined anti-choice groups in voicing opposition to the Affordable Care Act's coverage of contraception. Should she be confirmed, Judge Barrett would radically endanger our fundamental rights for decades to come.",dim1,-0.369 0.313
connolly,"I am deeply disappointed Republicans were unwilling to stand up for our federal employees and reject President Trump’s Schedule F executive order that undermines our 140 year professional civil service. Congress must protect the civil service and I will look forward to working with the Biden administration to reverse this executive order with all deliberative speed. released a new House Committee on Oversight and Reform staff report on the health and economic effects of climate action. From sea level rise in Hampton Roads to increased extreme weather events in Northern Virginia, Virginians see the effects of climate change right now. And the pandemic has demonstrated yet another environmental injustice, with frontline communities exposed to air pollution found to be at great risk to this virus. This report provides even more evidence that this is a crisis that demands bold, progressive action,” said Chairman Connolly. According to the Committee report, if the U.S. leads in addressing climate change and keep global warming below 2 degrees Celsius, in Virginia over the next 50 years we could prevent approximately: 160 000 premature deaths, 128 000 emergency room visits and hospitalizations for cardiovascular and respiratory disease, and 9.5 million lost workdays. It is estimated the economic value of these health benefits would exceed $1.2 trillion in the Commonwealth of Virginia. This report provides the first estimate of what achieving this goal would mean for the health of residents in Virginia. These estimates are based on new research findings from Dr. Drew Shindell, Nicholas Distinguished Professor of Earth Sciences at Duke University, who is one of the world’s leading experts on the health effects of climate change and air pollution. Dr. Shindell presented his findings before the Committee on Oversight and Reform in August 2020. With a new Administration, we can finally turn the page on President Trump’s climate denialism, and restore our standing in the global community as a leader in reducing climate change. President-elect Biden has pledged to rejoin and strengthen the Paris Climate agreement on the first day of his presidency. As co-chair of the House Green Dogs, I am committed to ensuring Congress is a partner with the Biden administration in providing visionary leadership and historic investment in addressing climate change and its public health impacts.” Connolly added. In 2015, nearly every nation of the world agreed in Paris to act together to keep global warming below 2 degrees Celsius (C). In a reckless failure of leadership, on November 4, 2020, President Trump formally withdrew the U.S. from the historic agreement. President-elect Biden has pledged to rejoin on the first day of his presidency. Following Capitol Physician guidance, today I took the Pfizer Covid-19 vaccine. I want the American people to know this vaccine is safe, and I am confident in its efficacy. We must do all we can to ensure our friends and neighbors know it is safe to get the vaccine. On September 29, 2020, the Members requested documents and information on this matter. Rather than provide the requested materials, OMB’s November 9, 2020, reply misleadingly claimed that the Executive Order “only seeks to curb trainings that ‘perpetuate racial stereotypes and division.’”OMB also wrote that if a training does not teach “divisive concepts,” then “that particular training would not be impacted by the Executive Order and may continue. These claims do not appear to be accurate. The Administration’s actions have already shut down initiatives across the nation—inside and outside the federal government—meant to combat bias and discrimination in the workplace,” wrote the Members. For example, in October, the Justice Department indefinitely suspended all diversity and inclusion training and “any related activities and events” for its employees and managers. The State Department has similarly frozen all diversity and inclusion training, and reports indicate similar cancellations have occurred at the Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of Veterans Affairs. The executive order stymied diversity and anti-racism training efforts outside of federal agencies as well. The ‘chillingly punitive’ consequences of non-compliance have caused multiple universities and other entities in receipt of federal funds to roll back crucial efforts meant to combat discriminatory and biased behavior,” wrote the Members. the House of Representatives passed the FY21 National Defense Authorization Act, which included several amendments offered by Congressman Gerry Connolly (D-VA), Chairman of the House Subcommittee on Government Operations. Connolly’s provisions addressed the expansion of telework, and the inclusion of the Safe Homefront Act. This overwhelmingly bipartisan effort represents a thoughtful compromise that protects our national security. I thank Chairman Smith and Ranking Member Thornberry for their commitment to getting this done before the holidays,” Chairman Connolly said. “President Trump shouldn’t hold our military hostage for his petty partisan politics. Any threat of veto is reckless. Safe Homefront Act: - Codifies existing policy requiring DoD to report to National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) servicemembers with felony domestic violence convictions who are prohibited from purchasing firearms pursuant to current law. Similar legislation was offered in September 2019, by Reps. Connolly, Peter King, and Mike Turner. Telework for U.S. Innovation Act (H.R. 7448): Authorizes permanently the United States Patent and Trademark Office teleworking pilot program established by the Telework Enhancement Act of 2010. Bipartisan, bicameral legislation was introduced earlier this month. Since coming to Congress, Connolly has had more than 45 amendments to the National Defense Authorization Act adopted in the House, including the Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act (FITARA), which was enacted in law as part of the National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2014. sent a letter to Colleen Duffy Kiko, Chairman of the Federal Labor Relations Authority (FLRA), objecting to three recent decisions that would severely limit the collective bargaining rights of federal employees. I write to strongly object to three radical policy decisions released by the Federal Labor Relations Authority (FLRA) on September 30, 2020. The Republican two-member majority discarded decades of labor-management relations precedent and violated their own rules to achieve the goal of limiting collective bargaining for the almost 1.2 million federal employees represented by federal employee unions,” Connolly wrote. The three decisions are radical in both substance and form,” Connolly added. “For those reasons, these recent decisions issued by a two-to-one Republican majority at the close of the Trump administration should be reconsidered in the future and overturned to reinstate precedents and customary practices that have governed these issues for decades. Bargaining Over Management-Directed Policy Changes: The first decision came at the request of the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the U.S. Department of Education for a general statement of policy or guidance on the duty to bargain over management-initiated policy changes. The two-member Republican majority abandoned the FLRA's longstanding precedent that the duty to bargain is triggered for any non “de minimis” change. The FLRA will now require bargaining only if the agency proposal is a “clear and meaningful” substantial change. Engaging in Mid-Term Bargaining: The second FLRA decision came at the request of the Office of Personnel Management to clarify that zipper clauses, which limit negotiations during the term of a union contract, are mandatory subjects of bargaining. The FLRA Republican majority granted that request and then went much further, finding that federal labor law “neither requires nor prohibits midterm bargaining,” leaving “midterm bargaining obligations to the parties to resolve as part of term negotiations.” The effect of the new policy denies both unions and management the obligation to initiate midterm bargaining unless they have negotiated for and secured that right in their contract. Expiring Collective-Bargaining Agreements: The third decision came at the request of USDA’s Office of General Counsel about the longstanding practice of continuance provisions in collective bargaining agreements. These provisions ensure that a contract remains in force even after expiration when negotiations are underway. The Republican members of the FLRA ruled that before an expiring union contract can remain in force while parties negotiate a new contract, it must be subject to agency head review. Connolly’s letter points out that the FLRA violated its own rules in issuing these three decisions. “In publishing this trio of decisions, the two-member Republican majority violated the FLRA’s own rules. Advisory opinions are legal opinions that do not arise out of an actual dispute between two real parties,” Connolly concluded. The three cases all arose from requests by agency management for guidance. House Committee Chairs sent a letter to 61 federal agencies requesting information on conversions of political appointees to civil service positions during the Trump Administration. Protecting the nonpartisan expertise of the career civil service is essential to the safety and security of the American people,” the Chairs wrote. “The merit system principles of the federal workforce put in place guardrails to ensure that competitive service requirements are not bypassed to inappropriately place political appointees in permanent career service positions. Federal law requires that personnel actions are carried out in a way that the “selection and advancement” of employees in the civil service are “determined solely on the basis of relative ability, knowledge, and skills, after fair and open competition,” rather than on the basis of “partisan political purposes. In accordance with civil service protections, the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) requires all agencies to seek its “approval prior to appointing any current or former political appointee to a permanent position ... in the civil service.” Following such requests, OPM reviews proposed selections to determine whether conversions are appropriate. We are also seeking a full accounting of any positions converted, or being considered for conversion, under the new Schedule F recently created though Executive Order 13957,” the Chairs added. “The creation of this schedule would be a dramatic change in the composition of the civil service and expose it to undue political influence and intimidation. It is critical that Congress receive timely information about any potential and actual conversions made pursuant to this Executive Order. It should not have taken the ire of Congress and the American public to convince Administrator Murphy to do the right thing. Her actions were dangerous and Congress must ensure it never happens again. Now that she has belatedly begun the transition, I urge GSA to work expeditiously to make sure the Biden team has the resources to which they are entitled. US Congressman Gerald E. Connolly vowed on Monday to champion NATO values at a critical moment in the Alliance’s history as he was named President of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly (NATO PA) for the next year. Connolly, head of the US delegation to the Assembly, was elected by electronic acclamation at the NATO PA’s 66th Annual Session; the first time the organiation has ever gathered virtually for an Annual Session due to coronavirus travel restrictions. Connolly’s tenure at the helm comes as the world struggles to cope with the coronavirus pandemic and the security challenges it poses, as well as the rise of China, continued acts of assertiveness by Russia, and new forms of terrorism and hybrid warfare. This is a critical moment for the Alliance,” Connolly said, as the 30-nation Alliance may soon revise its priority-setting Strategic Concept. We must continue to insist that Allies uphold the founding democratic principles of the North Atlantic Treaty and consider support for democratic institutions as a condition for membership in our Alliance,” he said during the closing Plenary Session. Connolly pressed NATO members to uphold the Alliance’s values, including “freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, freedom to dissent and politically organize, and an unshakeable commitment to the rule of law.” These, he said, “are the strongest weapon that we possess. He also said that having worked with US President-elect Joe Biden, Connolly expects the next leader in the White House to “demonstrate an early and consistent commitment to the Alliance. Congratulations to President-Elect Joe Biden and Vice President-Elect Kamala Harris. Now we get on to the awesome tasks of reconstructing our battered democracy and healing our beleaguered, beloved nation. sent a letter to Attorney General William P. Barr and a letter to Russell T. Vought, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), requesting information on unprecedented efforts by the Trump Administration to withhold federal funds from Seattle, New York City, and Portland, Oregon—cities that they have spuriously designated “anarchist jurisdictions. This bizarre treatment of great American cities appears to be political retaliation by President Trump against municipal authorities that have refused to abet a brutal federal response to peaceful protests for racial equity in law enforcement,” the Chairs wrote. “We demand that you cease implementation of this plainly vindictive, erroneous, and almost certainly unconstitutional memorandum and policy. On September 2, 2020, President Trump issued a memorandum ordering DOJ and OMB to review federal funding given to “jurisdictions that permit anarchy, violence, and destruction in America’s cities. On September 21, 2020, DOJ announced that it had designated New York, Seattle, and Portland because they allegedly “permitted violence and destruction of property to persist and have refused to undertake measures to counteract criminal activities. Neither the President’s memorandum nor DOJ’s press release explained how these three cities, of thousands in America, were certified to be “anarchist” while others escaped similar description. It also remains unclear what federal funding streams have been placed in jeopardy because of these designations, or how OMB will go about determining what, if any, funds to withhold from targeted jurisdictions. Today’s letter requests DOJ and OMB to produce documents and information by November 16, 2020, regarding the designation of “anarchist jurisdictions” and the funding streams that will be affected. letter calling on Michael Rigas, the Acting Director of both the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and the Office of Personnel Management (OPM), to immediately cease the implementation of an executive order developed in secret and issued by President Trump last week that would make it easier to fire qualified civil servants and hire Trump loyalists in their place. This executive order is a direct attack on the crown jewel of this nation’s government—our civil servants,” the Members wrote. “These are the individuals in every community who have continued to serve throughout the coronavirus crisis. For these reasons, we demand an immediate stay on activities to implement this executive order while the Committee obtains information about its development and potential impacts. According to one recent press report, “The White House began crafting the order a year ago, in such secrecy that senior officials across the government had no idea it was coming.” According to the report, “The White House has declined to say how many jobs would be swept into a class of employees with fewer civil service rights. The President issued this executive order two weeks before the election without consulting in any way with our Committee or the federal Chief Human Capital Officers Council, instead developing the proposal in secret without the benefit of any congressional or public scrutiny and apparently keeping many agencies and stakeholders in the dark,” the Members wrote. The Members drew a comparison with the disastrous delays caused by the Trump Administration’s Postmaster General, GOP mega-fundraiser Louis DeJoy, who rushed to secretly implement a series of ill-conceived changes to postal operations, noting that the Inspector General recently warned that DeJoy “did not complete a study or analysis of the impact the changes would make on mail prior to implementation. It remains unclear, however, to what extent the White House or federal agencies have analyzed the potential impacts of this proposal on federal workers and the agency missions they carry out,” the Members added. “Implementing this new policy without conducting such analyses could have disastrous effects on the services on which the American people rely. In today’s letter, the Members demanded an immediate stay on the implementation of the executive order while the Committee obtains information about its development and potential impacts. The letter requests all internal or external analyses conducted regarding the potential impacts of the executive order on federal employees, agency missions, and services for the American people, among other documents, by November 11, 2020. The letter follows yesterday’s introduction of the Saving the Civil Service Act (H.R. 8687), which would reverse the President’s Executive Order and restore civil servants’ protections against political retaliation. With this vote to confirm Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court, Mitch McConnell has forever sealed his legacy as the man who broke the US Senate. This egregious power grab will be remembered and responded to. This Executive Order is yet another attack on federal employees that addresses absolutely none of the issues that can hinder effective federal recruitment and hiring. It’s a cheap ploy to let the Trump Administration replace talent and acumen with fealty and self-dealing. called for a court order to extend Virginia’s voter registration deadline following extended disruptions of the Virginia Department of Elections website on the final day of registration. Their statement came as the Virginia Information Technologies Agency said it could provide “no estimated time of restoration” to state technology services brought down by a severed fiber in Chester, Virginia. They said: The shutdown of Virginia’s online voter registration threatens to prevent many Virginians from casting their ballots in the 2020 election. Three weeks before the election, nearly one million Virginians have already voted, which speaks to the importance voters across the Commonwealth attach to participating in this election. They must be given every opportunity to do so. It is imperative that the deadline for Virginians to register to vote be extended. We hope the courts will swiftly grant such an extension, and we hope they will take into account the disruptions to registration that have already occurred and the time that it will take to inform the public about new opportunities to register. Given these important factors, we believe a 72-hour registration extension after the Department of Elections online portal is restored would be appropriate. A federal judge previously granted an extension to Virginia’s voter registration deadline in 2016 after heavy web traffic resulted in disruptions to the registration portal. sent letters to Virginia USPS postal managers on the frontlines of election mail operations to ensure all ballots their facilities receive through November 3, 2020 are properly postmarked. The United States Postal Service Office of Inspector General recently identified accurate postmarking as critical to the successful processing of election mail for the 2020 general elections. We write to seek your assistance in ensuring that all eligible Virginians who timely cast a ballot are able to exercise their rights to vote this November. Specifically, we ask that all absentee/vote by mail ballot return envelopes coming through your local post offices be postmarked through November 3, 2020,” the members wrote. Under Virginia law, absentee/vote by mail ballots that are received after Tuesday, November 3rd — Election Day — are validly cast so long as the ballot return envelope is postmarked by Election Day and received by local registrars no later than noon on Friday, November 6th. We must protect the franchise of all Virginians who wish to cast a ballot by mail. If ballot return envelopes are not postmarked, they risk being invalidated through no fault of the voter,” the members added. “Accordingly, we seek a commitment from your office that absentee/vote by mail ballot return envelopes sent by voters in Virginia through November 3, 2020, will be postmarked. As of September 28, 2020, at least 972 000 Virginians have requested or cast absentee/vote by mail ballots, nearly four times more the total number of absentee/vote by mail ballots requested or cast in the 2016 election. sent a letter to Office of Management and Budget Director Russell T. Vought demanding he cease and desist all efforts to strip federal funding from Democratic-led communities. By implementing this Presidential memorandum, which seeks to punish jurisdictions by executive fiat and according to the political whims of the President, you have allowed OMB to become an agent of hysteria, bigotry, and distortion. It is illegal, unconstitutional, and morally wrong to target Americans in this outrageous and enormously abusive manner. The extremism of your actions cannot be understated, and they will weigh heavily on your legacy in the Trump Administration,” the members wrote. This Presidential memorandum is a transparent attempt to unlawfully and unilaterally punish jurisdictions that have political leadership the President does not like. Just the threat to wield an entirely manufactured executive power in this manner is chilling,” the members added. “This is often done by authoritarian regimes to erode limits on executive power, undermine the rule of law, and instill fear of retribution among political opposition, all with the supposed imprimatur of the state. The Trump administration recently announced an unprecedented effort to review and restrict federal funding for Democratic-led cities, including Seattle, Portland, Washington, D.C., and New York City. Mark it down: On October 6, 2020, the president walked away from ongoing negotiations on a desperately-needed COVID-19 relief package. He gets the best care in the world, then holds care for the rest of us hostage. It’s a familiar quid pro quo: ‘Want my help? I need you to do me a favor first. Re-elect me. The American people will remember this moment when they don't find another stimulus check in their mailboxes this fall. Or when their family businesses don’t get a second round of PPP loans. Or when their local governments starts cutting services because the funds have dried up. They will remember it.", dim1, -0.307, -0.038
rscott,"For 60 years, the NDAA has been passed with bipartisan and bicameral support. President Trump's veto of this legislation was harmful to our national security and showed a disregard for our military personnel and their families," said Congressman Scott. "The FY 21 NDAA provides a well-deserved three percent pay increase for our servicemembers. It also includes several important provisions that will directly support shipbuilding and ship maintenance in Hampton Roads. The President was willing to throw away all that good work in the name of preserving names, symbols, displays, monuments, and other paraphernalia that commemorate the Confederate States of America or anyone that voluntarily served in rebellion against the United States. It is a deeply disappointing but fitting chapter at the end of Donald Trump's presidency. I was proud to see a bipartisan coalition of Members of Congress vote to override President Trump's veto. On December 8, the House passed the conference report to the NDAA bill by an overwhelming, bipartisan vote of 335 to 78 – a vote greater than the two-thirds vote required for a veto override. Similarly, on December 11, the Senate passed the NDAA conference report by a bipartisan vote of 84 to 13 – another vote greater than the two-thirds vote required to override a president's veto. The House of Representatives also voted to pass H.R. 9051, the Caring for Americans with Supplemental Help (CASH) Act of 2020, which would raise recently enacted economic impact payments from $600 to $2 000 and fix the gap for adult dependents retroactively, allowing for an additional $2 000 for each dependent. Today, led by Committee on Education and Labor Chairman Robert C. "Bobby" Scott (VA-03), Committee Democrats wrote in opposition to a Department of Agriculture (USDA) proposal to roll back nutrition standards that have significantly improved the nutritional quality of school meals. The proposal resurrects and expands a 2018 rule that was ultimately vacated by a district court.The Members note that under the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act, it is the responsibility of the Department to ensure that the food children are served in school is nutritious and in close alignment with the evidence-based Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGAs). However, the proposed rule fails to align with the DGAs by drastically altering nutrition standards.Research has shown that approximately half of children's daily dietary intake comes from school breakfast and lunch and that nutrition plays a key role in the health and academic outcomes of children," the Members wrote. "We must ensure that school meals remain nutritious, particularly through the pandemic and economic downturn, as they may be the only healthy meals children receive each day. As you consider guidelines for the allocation of the initial doses of COVID–19 vaccine, we urge you to include incarcerated individuals as a priority population. The national vaccine distribution strategy will place competing priorities on our collective resources and public health system. However, ignoring the growing COVID-19 infection crisis in American jails and prisons would be a dire mistake and undermine any national effort to contain the virus. COVID-19 is spreading four times faster in prisons than the general public. To put the matter in perspective, the virus is moving through the prison population three times faster than it did on commercial cruise ships at the start of the pandemic. The Bureau of Prisons has provided informal information regarding the vaccine distribution plan. We are deeply concerned that the current plan places the most vulnerable incarcerated individuals who have a cancer diagnosis, chronic kidney disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, heart conditions, compromised immune systems, sickle cell, diabetes, and individuals 65 years or older in priority level 3 behind incarcerated individuals in minimum security facilities who are in open bay housing and are currently listed in priority group 2. Incarcerated individuals with these types of medical conditions are at a high risk of complications if they contract COVID-19 as it spreads through federal prisons yet are slated to receive the vaccine after prison staffers in phase 1 and other incarcerated individuals listed in phase 2. Outbreaks in prisons are difficult to control due to the conditions of confinement. Incarcerated individuals have been unable to protect themselves from infection through social distancing and they often lack adequate access to handwashing and sanitizing facilities. Without a national testing strategy, local sheriffs and prison officials have been unable to test and quarantine newly arrested individuals and intra-prison transfers are still occurring. The result has been soaring infection rates within prison facilities and virus hotspots in surrounding communities. Over 250 000 of the more than one million people in prison have fallen ill or been killed by this virus. The current vaccine distribution plan prioritizes staff members who enter and exit prison facilities daily but fails to recognize that a newly sentenced individual or intra prison transferee can also introduce the virus into a prison facility because current screening methods have proven inadequate for asymptomatic carriers of COVID-19. The challenge of the COVID-19 pandemic tests the foundational principles of our justice and carceral system. The legal authority the government claims when it deprives an individual of liberty is rooted in the Constitution and must conform to the requirements of due process. Individuals serving a sentence or awaiting trial should not be left to the arbitrary and capricious punishment of a virus or suffer a death sentence. To deny priority vaccination to individuals in forced confinement is to abdicate our responsibility at a time when the public has called for a reckoning of the criminal justice system and racial injustice. A difficult path lies ahead, but the most effective and humane method to deal with this crisis is to vaccinate every incarcerated individual and staff member within a prison or jail facility and expand the use of compassionate release to those individuals who present a low risk to public safety and are vulnerable to infection. Many incarcerated individuals in the federal system are in a high-risk category for infection due to chronic medical conditions and many of these same individuals could be safely released, so that only those in close confinement would receive a priority vaccination. However, efforts to release low-risk individuals during the pandemic have faltered and resulted in an increase in compassionate release petitions in federal courts. In light of this extraordinary crisis, we urge you to use the considerable power and tools at your disposal to curb the extrajudicial death and suffering of those entrusted to your custody. Your departments cannot abdicate your duty to these individuals, their families, and the communities they will return to any longer. released the following statement in response to the Department of Labor announcing its final fiduciary rule. This weak rule will hurt workers, retirees, and families across the country by letting unscrupulous financial advisors put their own interests ahead of their clients. People are looking for reliable help as they try to navigate the painful economic fallout of this pandemic—but this rule will make that unbiased help even harder to find. We are going to do everything we can to work with the incoming Biden administration to reverse the damage of President Trump's backwards policies and to strengthen the retirement security of people across the country as they work to weather this crisis. Scott and Murray have been leading voices against the Trump administration's efforts to weaken the conflict of interest rules protecting families' savings and investments. They called out the Trump administration for refusing to defend the stronger Obama-era fiduciary standard in court, pressed it to slow down its attempt to rushthrough its own weaker rule before stakeholders had the opportunity to weigh in, and led acomment lettercriticizing the Department's rule for "reinstating a broken status quo that allows financial advisors to evade their fiduciary duties and denying retirement savers meaningful remedies when they have been harmed. expressed deep concern to Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) Chair Janet Dhillon regarding the plan to limit the EEOC attorneys' authority. Under this proposal, all lawsuits must first be subject to a Commission vote before they can be filed, which could significantly delay and hinder the enforcement of civil rights laws. The Commission attempted the vote in July 2019, but it was ultimately withdrawn. This change will significantly delay the administration of justice. Additionally, taking litigation filing authority away from attorneys familiar with the cases is likely to lead to decisions being made based more on a political agenda rather than the merits of any case," wrote Chairman Scott. In the letter, Chairman Scott requests data and analysis the Commission used when drafting this proposal; a list of stakeholders consulted; an outline of the process for referring cases under this proposal; and any additional actions the Commission plans to take between now and the end of the year. The finalization of eight department rules to undermine the rights of employees and beneficiaries of federally funded programs underscores this administration's fundamental misunderstanding of ‘religious liberty.' These final rules are harmful because they could potentially coerce individuals to participate in religious activities in order to receive benefits in some federally funded programs; remove key protections for beneficiaries in every program; and open the door to expansive employment discrimination by religious entities. Civil rights laws should protect those who are discriminated against—not those who are engaged in invidious discrimination. It is shameful that during its final weeks in office, the Trump administration prioritized finalizing policies that will negatively impact programs meant to support underserved Americans, such as seniors, victims of human trafficking, and displaced workers instead of helping them survive this ever-worsening pandemic. Today's announcement is a reflection of this administration's misplaced priorities and distorted view of religious liberty. We have reached a bipartisan, bicameral deal in principle to protect patients from surprise medical bills and promote fairness in payment disputes between insurers and providers, without increasing premiums for patients or interfering with strong, state-level solutions already on the books,"the bipartisan, bicameral Committee leaders said. "Under this agreement, the days of patients receiving devastating surprise out-of-network medical bills will be over. Patients should not be penalized with these outrageous bills simply because they were rushed to an out-of-network hospital or unknowingly treated by an out-of-network provider at an in-network facility. This is a win for patients and their families that will improve America's health care system. We are pleased to share this language for stakeholder feedback and look forward to continuing to work together to finalize and attach this important new patient protection to the end-of-year funding package. We're hopeful this legislation will be signed into law in the coming days so we can give Americans confidence they will no longer receive financially ruinous surprise out-of-network medical bills. The bipartisan, bicameral agreement protects patients and establishes a fair payment dispute resolution process including: Holds patients harmless from surprise medical bills, including from air ambulance providers, by ensuring they are only responsible for their in-network cost-sharing amounts, including deductibles, in both emergency situations and certain non-emergency situations where patients do not have the ability to choose an in-network provider. Prohibits certain out-of-network providers from balance billing patients unless the provider gives the patient notice of their network status and an estimate of charges 72 hours prior to receiving out-of-network services and the patient provides consent to receive out-of-network care. Creates a framework that takes patients out of the middle and allows health care providers and insurers to resolve payment disputes without involving the patient. Under the agreement, insurers will make a payment to the provider that is determined either through negotiation between the parties or an independent dispute resolution (IDR) process. There is no minimum payment threshold to enter IDR, and claims may be batched together to ease administrative burdens. If the parties choose to utilize the IDR process, both parties would each submit an offer to the independent arbiter. When choosing between the two offers the arbiter is required to consider the median in-network rate, information related to the training and experience of the provider, the market share of the parties, previous contracting history between the parties, complexity of the services provided, and any other information submitted by the parties. Following an IDR process, the party that initiated the dispute may not take the same party to arbitration for the same item or service for 90-days following a determination by the arbitrator. However, all claims that occur during the 90-day period are eligible for IDR after the 90-days. Provides additional consumer protections when insurance companies change networks, including a transition of care for people with complex care needs and appeal rights for consumers. Empowers consumers by providing a true and honest cost estimate that describes which providers will deliver their treatment, the cost of services, and provider network status. As part of the legislative agreement, the package includes a long-term extension of expiring public health programs, including: Community Health Centers, National Health Service Corps, Teaching Health Centers, and Special Diabetes Programs. Five years ago, we came together to pass the Every Students Succeeds Act (ESSA) with the intent of bringing our country one step closer to achieving equity in education – the promise enshrined in the Supreme Court's landmark decision in Brown v. Board of Education. The decision declared that: In these days, it is doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if denied opportunity of an education. Such an opportunity, where the state has undertaken to provide it, is a right which must be made available to all on equal terms. Regrettably, in the five years since ESSA's passage, the Trump administration and Congressional Republicans have shown little interest in enforcing the equity guardrails at the heart of the law. Now, with the COVID-19 pandemic, the achievement gaps that ESSA intended to close are widening and students are experiencing learning loss at staggering rates. As we approach the 117th Congress, the incoming Biden Administration must partner with Congress to breathe new life into ESSA and restore our commitment to finally realizing the promise of equitable education for all. Today, the Trump administration finalized a rule to weaken anti-discrimination protections in federal contracting. The new rules gives taxpayer-funded contractors, including some for-profit corporations, the power to hire and fire employees for any potentially discriminatory reasons, except race, under the guise of religious freedom. By finalizing this rule, the Department abandons its duty to protect workers from discrimination—bizarrely stating that nondiscrimination provisions are not ‘compelling.' This harmful rule broadens religious exemptions to allow employers claiming sincerely held religious beliefs to discriminate against our most vulnerable communities, including LGBTQ Americans and pregnant women. Congress must take action to pass the Do No Harm Act and ensure the Religious Freedom Restoration Act is not used as a weapon to undermine anti-discrimination protections. Civil rights laws should protect those who are discriminated against—not those who are engaged in illegal discrimination. Today's report signals that economic recovery is continuing to slow as our nation faces one of the worst economic and public health crises in history. As COVID-19 cases and deaths skyrocket in nearly every state across the country, we continue to confront the disastrous impacts of the Trump Administration's failed response to the pandemic. Let's be clear: Record-high jobless claims are not a reflection of a successful economy. Just last week, more than 700 000 Americans filed new unemployment insurance claims—continuing to exceed the record-high number of claims under previous administrations (695 000 claims in October 1982). Initial unemployment claims under President Trump for each of the last 37 consecutive weeks have exceeded unemployment claims under any other president in the history of the program. What's more, we are barreling toward the end-of-year expiration of CARES Act pandemic unemployment programs, with an estimated 12 million workers expected to lose their jobless benefits during the holiday season. In order to save the economy, we must crush the COVID-19 virus so workers can safely return to work. Fortunately, we have the tools we need. Months ago, the House passed the Heroes Act, which secures funding for testing and vaccines, provides resources for public schools to reopen safely, and supports unemployed workers and struggling businesses. In his last several weeks in office, I urge President Trump and Senate Republicans to pass this critical relief package. As a result of nationwide school closures, existing achievement gaps are widening for our most vulnerable students, including students from families with low incomes, students with disabilities, English learners, and students of color. In order for our nation to recover and rebuild from the pandemic, we must first understand the magnitude of learning loss that has impacted students across the country. That cannot happen without assessment data. On the advice of the National Center for Education Statistics, Secretary DeVos has determined that administration of The National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP), also known as the Nation's Report Card, for the current school year is not feasible due to the reliance on outside personnel for in-person administration and the inability to yield a valid and reliable representative sample. While the decision to postpone NAEP is unfortunate, it is understandable. Today's announcement makes 2021 administration of statewide assessments required by federal law a moral imperative. In the absence of NAEP and without statewide assessments, parents, educators, and policymakers would have zero data on the scope of learning loss. While the administration of statewide assessments this school year will not be without challenge, we urge the Department to work with states to allow for flexibilities that are consistent with the Elementary and Secondary Education Act to maximize student participation. Parents and educators deserve student level data. We stand ready to work with the Department, now and under the incoming administration, to ensure we have the data necessary to best support students and educators as we recover from the devastating impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. As more than a quarter of our nation's households with children head into the Thanksgiving holiday struggling to put food on the table, the Department of Agriculture's rule to undermine nutrition standards for child nutrition programs will only make it harder for children to access healthy food. We know that food insecure households face steep barriers to getting the healthy food they need and want to provide for their children. The Department's insistence on resurrecting this rule—after a federal court judge overturned it—demonstrates an irresponsible disregard for the health and wellbeing of our nation's children. Moreover, this rule is being proposed in the middle of the COVID-19 public health emergency, and we know diet-related disease leads to worse outcomes from COVID-19 infections. If finalized, the rule will have lasting consequences for our economy and communities by depriving children of the nutritious food they need to learn, succeed, and stay healthy. oday, top Democrats in both the House and the Senate introduced the Keeping All Students Safe Act to protect students from dangerous seclusion and restraint discipline practices in school. The bill is sponsored by Congressman Don Beyer (VA-08), Senator Chris Murphy (D-CT), Committee on Education and Labor Chairman Robert C. "Bobby" Scott (VA-03), Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee Ranking Member Patty Murray (D-WA), and Congressman Donald McEachin (VA-04). Every child should be safe and protected while in school. Sadly, that is not always the case. The most current data from the Civil Rights Data Collection (CRDC) reveals that 101 990 students were subjected to seclusion or restraint during the 2017-18 school year. Of the students restrained or secluded, 78 percent were students with disabilities who were disproportionately students who identified as Black/African American and boys. The Keeping All Students Safe Act would make it illegal for any school receiving federal taxpayer money to seclude children and would ban dangerous restraint practices that restrict children's breathing, such as prone or supine restraint. The bill would also prohibit schools from physically restraining children, except when necessary to protect students and staff. The bill would better equip school personnel with the training they need to address school-expected behavior with evidence-based proactive strategies, require states to monitor the law's implementation, and increase transparency and oversight to prevent future abuse of students. The practice of subjecting students to abusive discipline techniques happens far too often, and disproportionately affects Black children and students with disabilities. Many states have previously recognized the harm of seclusion and inappropriate restraint in the classroom and banned these practices. Our bill would enact nationwide protections that students across the country deserve," said Congressman Don Beyer. "The Keeping All Students Safe Act will protect students from harmful discipline by creating minimum safety standards for schools and by providing training and support to school personnel. Every student deserves to feel safe at their school, and our bill would help translate this important principle into law. Far too many students, particularly those with disabilities and kids of color, are subject to inhumane seclusion and restraint practices that have harmful effects on their learning and experience in the classroom - often with traumatic and sometimes fatal consequences. My colleagues and I are introducing legislation to fix this problem. No taxpayer-funded school in America should lock kids up alone in rooms or restrain them with abusive methods," said Senator Chris Murphy."The Keeping All Students Safe Act would establish strong federal standards to keep students safe, while providing school staff with alternatives to address disruptive behavior with evidence-based, trauma-informed, proactive strategies and the resources to put those alternatives into practice. Despite evidence that seclusion and restraint practices make schools less safe, thousands of students are still subjected to these disproven methods of discipline. What's more, students of color and students with disabilities are disproportionately impacted by these harmful practices. It's time we recognize that a quality education cannot be achieved without a safe learning environment," said Committee on Education and Labor Chairman Robert C. "Bobby" Scott. "The Keeping All Students Safe Act would establish nationwide requirements and provide states and teachers the support they need to improve their schools' culture by using only evidence-based interventions. Every student deserves to be safe at school. But shockingly, schools are still allowed to punish students by locking them in rooms or forcibly restraining them in dangerous ways—and students with disabilities and students of color face the most harm. This is completely unacceptable," said Senator Patty Murray. "The Keeping All Students Safe Act will ban these harmful tactics of seclusion and dangerous restraint and limit physical restraint, making our schools safer and more supportive environments for all children—no matter their race or disability. I'm proud to join my colleagues in introducing this important legislation and I'll continue working to address the many educational inequities that keep so many students from receiving a high-quality education. For far too long, our nation's students, particularly students of color and students with disabilities, have been subjected to inappropriate and abusive seclusion and restraint in the classroom," said Congressman Donald McEachin, sponsor of the Protecting Our Students in Schools Act. "Not only are these dangerous policies ineffective at addressing student behavior, but they can also cause significant emotional and physical trauma. We must protect our students from these abusive techniques, and the Keeping All Students Safe Act will put in place the standards and restrictions necessary to ensure our children's health and safety. Every child deserves to grow and prosper in a high-quality and healthy learning environment. As we continue to confront the worst public health emergency in recent history, our first priority must be to protect Americans' health and wellbeing. Yet, today, in the midst of a global health pandemic, a group of Republican Attorney Generals are arguing to the Supreme Court that the Affordable Care Act (ACA) should be struck down. If they are successful, all of the benefits of the ACA could be lost, and millions of Americans would suffer. This could mean tens of millions of people could lose their insurance, people with pre-existing conditions could be denied coverage, children on their parent's insurance could lose their coverage access, and so much more. It is completely reckless and irresponsible for Republicans to advocate for the repeal of such a critical piece of legislation, especially as COVID-19 cases surge in nearly every state across the country. For our part, House Democrats will continue to fight to protect these lifesaving protections from partisan attacks and will work to ensure everyone has access to quality, affordable health care. released the following statement after President-elect Joe Biden and Vice President-elect Kamala Harris, the first woman and person of color to hold this position, were announced the winners of the 2020 election. This election, Americans made a clear choice. They chose hope over fear, unity over division, and science over fiction. In the midst of a global pandemic and economic crisis, Americans expect us to lead. It is now our responsibility to fulfill that expectation by working with President-elect Joe Biden and Vice President-elect Kamala Harris on behalf of all Americans.Governing should be guided by the values and aspirations we share. The Committee on Education and Labor will continue fighting for equitable public education; strong workers' rights; and quality, affordable health care. We look forward to working with all of our colleagues to pursue our shared goal: improving the lives of people from all walks of life. Yesterday, President Trump absurdly and misleadingly claimed that this quarter's GDP growth was the ‘Biggest and Best in the History.' In fact, this quarter only recovered less than two-thirds of the ground lost in the first two quarters of 2020. That includes the second quarter which was the worst on record, more than three times worse than the previous post-WWII record. Many Americans are actually suffering. Nearly 1.1 million Americans filed new unemployment insurance or Pandemic Unemployment Assistance (PUA) claims just last week, far exceeding the record high number of unemployment claims posted by any previous president (695 000 unemployment insurance claims in October 1982, which precedes the creation of PUA). In fact, initial unemployment claims under President Trump for each of the last 32 consecutive weeks have exceeded such claims under any other president in the history of the program. And sixteen times more Americans are receiving unemployment compensation today than at the same point just last year. In recent weeks, 22.7 million Americans will receive some form of unemployment compensation compared to just 1.4 million this time last year. Earlier this year, an article in Forbes Magazine described President Trump's claims of economic success as ‘obvious gaslighting.' That article points out that not a single year of President Trump's first three years of job growth exceeded any of President Obama's last three years. President Trump did not inherit an economy in distress — he followed a record of job grow that he failed to match even before he mishandled the pandemic.Our economy cannot fully recover until we get the pandemic under control. Unfortunately, COVID-19 cases are surging in nearly every single state, so it is clear the pandemic and its impact on our economy are far from over. That is why I am urging the President to come to grips with reality and follow science, not politics, to effectively and truthfully deal with the COVID-19 pandemic. And the president should heed Federal Reserve Chairman Powell's advice and agree to House Democrats' push for funding to both support Americans and crush the virus to avoid a much longer, deeper, and more painful economic downturn. Today, Governor Northam signed into law necessary changes to our criminal justice system that will create more accountability, transparency, and safety in communities across the Commonwealth. I commend the Governor and the General Assembly for taking bold action to pass these long overdue changes. In the U.S. House of Representatives, my Democratic colleagues and I passed the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act, which would ban the use of no-knock warrants, chokeholds, and appropriately hold officers accountable for misconduct. This important federal police reform bill is awaiting action in the Senate as Majority Leader McConnell has refused to allow it to be considered for debate on the Senate floor. introduced legislation to save nearly 4 million education jobs, spur economic growth in the midst of an economic crisis, and help mitigate the impacts of students' learning loss as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Since February of this year, more K-12 jobs have been lost than nearly all of the local education jobs lost during the entire Great Recession. On top of that, states are facing a $555 billion budget shortfall over the next three years. Without sufficient funding from the federal government to support states and school districts during the recovery, experts estimate 1.4 million to 1.9 million education jobs will be lost over the next one to two years alone. The Save Education Jobs Act of 2020 would establish an Education Jobs Fund to stabilize the education workforce, delivering up to $261 billion to states and school districts over 10 years. Not only does the Save Education Jobs Act of 2020 help to save jobs in the short term, it will help reduce the long-term economic impact of learning loss. Researchers estimate that by 2040, learning loss as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic for the current K-12 cohort will result in an earnings loss of $110 billion per year and will reduce overall gross domestic product by $173 billion to $271 billion per year. By helping save education jobs, this legislation will help schools reopen safely and prevent permanent learning loss. As a member of Congress with extensive classroom experience, I have seen firsthand how state and local budget cuts can decimate education funding. These cuts result in slashing essential programming, halting critical school construction and devastating cuts to the educator workforce. These job losses have long lasting impacts on the quality and efficacy of learning in our communities, and only further entrench growing disparities in our highest need districts," said Congresswoman Hayes. "We have lauded our teachers as heroes during these unprecedented times, as they have switched to virtual and hybrid learning to keep students safe during a global pandemic, and have recently returned to their classrooms, oftentimes with little assurance for their personal safety. It is time we make investments to protect educators from the massive job losses we are almost certain to experience as a result of this crisis. Teachers are essential to our society and protecting them should be non-negotiable. America's school districts face continuing costs to keep students and their teachers healthy and to prevent learning loss. In passing the CARES Act, Congress provided short-term, emergency help to address these challenges and paid teachers' salaries in jurisdictions facing severe budget shortfalls. But COVID-19 remains a threat to our nation's schools,"said Subcommittee Chairman Sablan."So, the Save Education Jobs Act provides needed long-term relief to support educators, who work tirelessly to provide instruction to students. And by ensuring that teachers and support staff can get paid, we ensure our children can continue their education even in the middle of a pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has exacerbated decades of chronic underinvestment in our nation's public schools as state and local governments face massive budget shortfalls and increased costs to keep students safe. As a result, millions of education jobs are at risk of being permanently lost if Congress fails to act,"said Chairman Scott."The federal government has a responsibility to ensure all students have access to a quality education. The Save Education Jobs Act is a necessary investment in rebuilding our education system and helping students, educators, and communities get back on track. over 100 House Democrats wrote to Department of Labor Secretary Scalia opposing the Department's proposal to narrow its interpretation of employee status under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), leaving workers even more vulnerable to employee misclassification. The Members express deep concern that the proposal will have wide reaching consequences for both workers and the economy. In the letter, the Members note that the Department's proposal will lead to increased instances of employers misclassifying workers as independent contractors—denying workers basic wage and hour protections. The Members also note that, as our local communities continue to struggle in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, the proposal could worsen conditions for small businesses and local governments. This proposal would lead to misclassification, subjecting vulnerable workers to wage theft, placing law-abiding businesses at a competitive disadvantage, and depriving state and federal governments of much-needed tax revenue. We strongly urge the Department to withdraw its harmful proposal," the Members wrote. Despite the fact that misclassification is sure to cause significant income loss for workers, the Department failed to quantify exactly how much workers stand to lose under this proposal—even though the Department is legally required to do so. The Economic Policy Institute estimates that, if finalized, this proposal would cost workers more than $3 billion each year. Moreover, social insurance programs, such as Unemployment Insurance, would take a $750 million hit each year, leaving workers even more vulnerable right in the midst of an economic crisis. The Members also question the Department's attempt to quickly push through such a significant rule while disregarding rulemaking standards that require full public comment, consideration of such comments, and a careful consideration of the economic impact to workers a responsibility the Department has repeatedly failed to fulfill in previous rulemakings. ) subpoenaed several Education Department career staff for their deposition in an investigation into the Department's role in the misconduct of Dream Center Education Holdings, a for-profit higher education company. After over a year of investigation, the Committee found that Under Secretary Diane Auer Jones – a former for-profit education lobbyist – worked extensively on behalf of Dream Center despite knowing that two of its schools had lost their accreditation and were improperly receiving taxpayer funding. Regrettably, as the Chairman outlines, despite releasing a trove of documents and transcripts revealing misconduct by Department officials, the Department has refused to corporate with the Committee's investigation. The Department repeatedly ignored oversights requests or negotiated in bad faith. For example, the Department would agree to prioritize certain requested documents only to later abandon those commitments and instead produce unrelated documents as part of "data dumps." When the Department ultimately complied and produced the necessary information, it provided almost entirely redacted without indicating why essential content was withheld. In short, the Committee's attempts to accommodate the Department in good faith have not been reciprocated. On five separate occasions the Department requested accommodations from the Committee. Each time, however, the Department moved the goalposts, adding new hurdles after each concession by the Committee, producing non-compliant or nominally compliant document productions that did not advance the Committee's investigation, and even reneging on its commitments entirely," the Chairman concludes. Due to the Department's obstruction, the Committee's only available avenue to obtain an accurate understanding of the Department's role in the Dream Center collapse is to pursue depositions of the knowledgeable Department officials under subpoena…The Committee will continue its oversight of this matter with the goal of getting answers about Dream Center's collapse. In August, the Committee released a comprehensive report further revealing discrepancies between Under Secretary Jones' statements to Congress and emails, text messages, and other documents uncovered during the Committee's investigation. wroteto the heads of the Department of Labor and Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) questioning a recent OSHA policy change that will result in sharply reduced reporting of COVID-related workplace hospitalizations and fatalities and undermine efforts to protect the safety of workers. OSHA requires workplace fatalities to be reported to OSHA within eight hours and any hospitalization must be reported within 24 hours. Previous OSHA policy started the reporting clock when a worker is hospitalized or dies. Last month, however, OSHA altered the reporting policy for COVID-19 hospitalizations and fatalities so that the reporting clock starts at the time of an exposure incident. In the letter, the Members note that because no one is hospitalized within 24 hours of exposure to COVID-19, these changes will result in no COVID-related hospitalizations being reported to OSHA. In addition, COVID-related deaths often occur more than 30 days after exposure, meaning that as a result of these changes, very few COVID-related deaths will be reported to OSHA. As the pandemic continues unabated in this country, this change by OSHA undermines its mission to assure safe and healthful working conditions for workers,"the Members wrote. "By cutting off the employer's duty to notify OSHA regarding workplace outbreaks, the agency will lose the ability to follow up on workplace outbreaks with enforcement or compliance assistance activity. This change will also cause significant damage to our nation's capacity to control the spread of the novel coronavirus. The Members are requesting a detailed description of OSHA's justification for making changes to the reporting requirements, as well as communication between OSHA and the Department of Labor or outside parties on this issue. The erratic behavior coming from the White House this week is a perfect example of why it has been so difficult to negotiate relief for the American people. The Trump administration fundamentally does not grasp the urgency or scale of this crisis. And the latest proposal — which falls woefully short of providing meaningful relief for students, workers, and families — is further evidence that this White House does not have a comprehensive plan to defeat the virus. The lack of sufficient support for state and local governments, in combination with their measly offer to increase funding for education stabilization, is not enough to help schools reopen safely. Additionally, our child care system is on the brink of collapse and their proposal would not even cover half of what is needed. If we cannot reopen schools safely and without child care, we will never fully be able to reopen the economy. Moreover, seven months into the one of worst public health crisis this country has ever experienced, infection rates are rising again, and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) still refuses to issue any enforceable workplace safety standards. Meanwhile, thousands of workers in meat processing plants, grocery stores, prisons, nursing homes, postal facilities, and other workplaces are falling ill and even dying. Instead, the administration is recklessly proposing to shield employers who operate unsafely by creating new legal protections for those who negligently cause their employees or customers to fall ill from COVID-19. Last week, Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powelltestified that the current downturn will be longer, deeper, and more painful if Congress does not provide substantial relief. We cannot wait any longer; the White House and Senate Republicans must stop playing politics and get serious about helping the American people overcome this virus. troubling report that some faith-based organizations participating in the Farmers to Families Food Box program, which has already been plagued by mismanagement, are subjecting participants to unsolicited religious activity. The reports include instances of faith-based organizations placing religious messages in food boxes, directing the distribution of food boxes to church members, using the food boxes to solicit donations and encouraging families to pray before receiving food boxes. Since 2004, USDA's regulations have prohibited explicitly religious activities and prohibited religious discrimination against participants as part of Its federally funded programs. However, following reports of religious activity at food distribution sites, Chairman Scott is concerned that the Farmers to Families Food Box program is operating in direct violation of USDA's longstanding regulations. Faith-based organizations and other community-based organizations have long been valuable partners with the federal government in delivering services to some of our most vulnerable individuals, but they have usually done so while respecting the rights of these individuals,"Chairman Scott wrote. "It is a basic and fundamental principle that individuals should not have to pass a religious test to access federally funded services, including food assistance. Practices that result in religious discrimination and coercion against individuals and families in need seeking food boxes under this program are not only wrong, they violate USDA regulations and as such, must be remedied by USDA. In the letter, Chairman Scott also requested documents from the Department, including a list of contractors participating in the program, details of the Department's oversight over the program, and whether the Department is tracking any violations of its regulations and policies. sent aletter to Employee Benefits Security Administration (EBSA) Acting Assistant Secretary Jeanne Wilson to express concern regarding the potential misuse of fixed indemnity coverage by employers to evade the requirements of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and other consumer protection laws. Fixed indemnity products provide income replacement for workers during periods of hospitalization or illness. Because these polices are not designed to serve as health coverage, they are generally exempt from laws that apply to traditional health plans, such as the prohibition on annual and lifetime limits on coverage under the ACA. Guidance issued by the Obama administration established several guardrails to clarify that fixed indemnity products should not be offered to workers in a manner that mimics traditional health coverage and avoids federal requirements. In the letter, the Members point to reports that certain employers may be offering this type of coverage to workers as the primary health benefit—insulating the employer from their responsibility to offer comprehensive coverage to their workers and leaving patients and their families with high out-of-pocket costs in a "junk" plan without basic consumer protections. As you know, the development of effective regulations and vigorous enforcement of federal law is central to Employee Benefits Security Administration's (EBSA) mission of assuring the security of health and other workplace benefits. The Committee on Education and Labor shares this mission and believes that strong action must be taken to ensure that consumers are protected from substandard, noncompliant health coverage," the Members wrote. Accordingly, it is our hope that the Department and EBSA will engage with the Committee in a constructive process to ensure that plan participants have meaningful access to quality coverage, consistent with all requirements of federal law. President Trump's unwillingness to continue negotiations to provide much needed relief to the American people is just another example of this administration needlessly playing politics with the lives of students, workers, and families. Over the last several months, the COVID-19 pandemic has plunged this nation into a deep recession. As dire as the economic situation is, the damage would have been far worse if not for expanded unemployment benefits, hundreds of billions of dollars in relief for businesses, support for public education, and other provisions passed as a result of previous relief Congress provided. In fact, Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell reiterated today that the current downturn will be longer, deeper, and more painful if Congress does not provide substantial relief. By withdrawing from negotiations, the president is risking the health and safety of not only our economy, but communities across the country. Since the House passed the Heroes Act five months ago, the need for federal support has only grown. I am deeply disappointed in the president's decision to abandon these critical relief negotiations when Americans need it most. sent a letter to Department of Labor (DOL) Secretary Scalia and Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Azar demanding increased protections for our nation's frontline workers as the COVID-19 pandemic continues. In the letter, the Chairs express deep concern that low-wage, essential workers lack the health protections necessary to access COVID-19 testing. One in every seven essential workers is uninsured, and about 50 percent of essential workers cannot afford unexpected medical expenses. The Chairs also note that, despite repeated calls on the Trump administration to develop a national COVID-19 testing strategy, the White House has provided no federal recommendations to states as Governors begin relaxing restrictions. With no guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), questions around the appropriate frequency of COVID-19 testing for workers remain unanswered and workers face significant health risks on the job. Lack of clear and consistent guidance leaves employers, state and local health officials, and frontline health care workers responsible for developing and implementing often disparate protocols and procedures," the Chairs wrote."Clear and consistent recommendations and guidance on routine COVID-19 diagnostic testing for employers would prevent lengthy disruptions for essential businesses in the event of a localized COVID-19 outbreak, and they are particularly critical for protecting low-income essential workers and their families, many of whom have been devastated by this pandemic. The Chairs are also concerned that only a fraction of the funding provided by Congress for testing needs, resources, and expenses has been distributed by the administration. sent a letter to Department of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos expressing deep concern regarding South Carolina's misuse of CARES Act education funds to develop a voucher program. Under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act, which established the Governor Emergency Education Relief (GEER) Fund to support public education, only three categories of entities are authorized to receive GEER Funds: Institutions of higher education, local educational agencies, and "education related entities." The Department's own guidance confirms that parents are ineligible recipients of GEER funds. However, as the Members note, the South Carolina Governor's office has dedicated $32 million in GEER funds to develop the Safe Access to Flexible Education (SAFE) grants program. This program awards grants directly to parents and could be in direct violation of the CARES Act. We request that you review South Carolina's SAFE grants program to determine if it complies with the relevant sections of the CARES Act," the Members wrote."Additionally, please provide all communication between any representative of the South Carolina Governor's office and the Department of Education related to the development, implementation, or legality of South Carolina's SAFE grant program.", dim1, -0.45, 0.012
spanberger,"called on the Trump Administration and congressional leadership to recommit to the passage of a negotiated COVID-19 relief package before the end of 2020. In a letter to President Trump, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Spanberger emphasized the urgent need for relief for Central Virginia families, workers, and small businesses, according to a release from her office. She said another stimulus is needed particularly as funding has expired for critical programs and COVID-19 cases rise in Virginia. Spanberger called on both parties to recognize the tremendous economic and healthcare uncertainty facing the nation and work together to pass a relief bill. Supports for families have begun to dwindle as enhanced unemployment benefits and other critical aid measures have expired, with more set to expire at the end of this year. Likewise, small businesses are facing increased pressure as this pandemic worsens," said Spanberger in a statement. "While the Paycheck Protection Program and Economic Injury Disaster Loans were able to provide short-term Recently, Spanberger cosponsored the Jaime Zapata and Victor Avila Federal Law Enforcement Protection Act, which would make sure that individuals who harm or attempt to harm U.S. federal law enforcement officers serving abroad can be brought to justice and prosecuted in the United States. The National Law Enforcement Museum's discussion explored prevention programs and gave attendees the opportunity to address suicide prevention by engaging law enforcement leadership in their strategies and best practices. During the event, law enforcement chiefs from across the United States discussed how to equip peer chiefs with the knowledge, skills, and abilities to develop a true leadership culture that is compassionate and empathetic on all mental health issues. Click here to learn more about the discussion. Last week, U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger held a roundtable with U.S. Representative Earl Blumenauer (D-OR-03) and Central Virginia restaurant owners to listen to their concerns, answer questions, and provide an update on ongoing efforts to secure significant, flexible relief dollars for independent restaurants in the next COVID-19 relief package. relief, it is clear that additional support is needed to help these businesses keep their doors open over the coming months, especially as the winter threatens to further impact those businesses currently relying on the use of outdoor spaces and it becomes increasingly clearer that the holiday shopping and tourism season will be diminished this year. She said action on another bipartisan COVID-19 relief package is long overdue.And though we must all live with our failure to deliver that aid sooner, we need not continue our failed course of inaction. With the holidays and winter approaching, I can think of no better way to provide peace of mind to the American people than through the passage of a robust relief package that helps families keep their homes, ensures they do not face hunger, and supports those who have lost jobs or whose businesses have suffered or closed as a result of the pandemic," Spanberger said. Yesterday, U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger led a bipartisan, bicameral effort calling on U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and the U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) to work together to enforce U.S. trade laws and protect the American cabinet and vanity industry from predatory trade practices by China. Since 2015, imports of Chinese kitchen cabinets to the United States have increased by more than 75 percent. This increase has substantially harmed American cabinetmakers - an industry that supports hundreds of jobs in Virginian's Seventh District and a quarter of a million jobs nationwide. In April 2019, the International Trade Commission (ITC) found reasonable evidence that the American cabinet industry was suffering due to Chinese companies receiving subsidies to sell kitchen cabinets in the United States below fair market value. Directly after this ruling, the U.S. Commerce Department imposed antidumping and countervailing duties on these Chinese imports. Spanberger led 31 of her colleagues on a bipartisan letter to CBP and DOC, urging them to conduct a thorough investigation into claims that Chinese businesses may be engaged in tactics that allow them to circumvent the recently imposed duties meant to protect American companies. The letter asks CBP to investigate and, if the allegations are proven, to take swift action to address all attempts to skirt antidumping and countervailing duties and dump imported cabinets into the U.S. market at rock-bottom prices. Spanberger led the letter alongside co-leads U.S. Representative Jackie Walorski (R-IN-02) and U.S. Senators Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Mike Rounds (R-SD). Global trade is essential to U.S. businesses, but it must be conducted fairly. There is evidence that Chinese cabinet manufacturers have sought to undercut the U.S. industry by circumventing antidumping and countervailing duties," said Spanberger. "Cabinet manufacturing supports hundreds of jobs in Central Virginia, and I'll continue working to protect these jobs and hold China accountable for their noncompliance and circumventing of current trade laws. On behalf of everyone at American Woodmark, we applaud and thank Representative Spanberger for her help in keeping jobs here in our home state of Virginia," said Scott Culbreth, President and CEO, American Woodmark Corporation. "It has been a difficult time for domestic cabinet manufacturers, and the unwavering support Representative Spanberger has provided will continue to help us make strides toward a fair marketplace. In February 2020, Spanberger led 40 of her colleagues on a bipartisan letter to ITC, urging them to reexamine the import of Chinese kitchen cabinets and ensure all U.S. trade laws were fully enforced. This letter prompted the ITC to rule in favor of American cabinetmakers, and the U.S. Department of Commerce to place duties on Chinese cabinet imports. In December 2019, Spanberger voted to pass the United States-Mexico-Canada-Agreement (USMCA), which was later signed into law by President Trump. During negotiations, Spanberger met with Central Virginia farmers and business owners and relayed their top concerns directly to Vice President Mike Pence, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, and Deputy U.S. Trade Representative C.J. Mahoney. She worked consistently to build bipartisan support for a trade deal that will protect the rights of American businesses and workers, preserve relationships with key buyers, and level the playing field in competition against producers like China. Today, U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger thanked Central Virginia veterans for their service ahead of Veterans Day. Central Virginia has a proud record of military service, and our district is home to more than 50 000 veterans and their families. These former servicemembers have embodied the best of Virginia, consistently serving our nation and defending our people with courage, dignity, and devotion to our shared American ideals. Today, we pause to thank and celebrate everyone who has served in our armed forces. Additionally, today is a chance to renew our commitment to providing our veterans and their families with the strongest possible care and benefits. They had our back - now, we need to have theirs. I will continue to work at the federal level for stronger investments in mental health services, suicide prevention efforts, and job training for the men and women who have served our country. In addition to veteran-specific casework completed by her office, Spanberger has worked to improve services and support for Central Virginians by: Strengthening prevention efforts to address the crisis of veteran suicide. In September 2019, Spanberger cosponsored a bipartisan bill to improve mental health services at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and address the ongoing suicide crisis among American veterans. The Incorporating Measurements and Providing Resources for Outreach to Veterans Everywhere (IMPROVE) Well-Being for Veterans Act would enhance coordination and planning of veteran mental health services between the VA and the more than 50 000 organizations providing suicide prevention services for veterans--and the bill would develop measurement tools to track the effectiveness of these programs. Lowering out-of-pocket costs for Central Virginia veterans needing emergency transportation. Spanberger helped introduce bipartisan legislation that would make ambulances more affordable for many veterans by allowing the VA to reimburse them for this emergency transportation. Securing benefits that veteran military firefighters have earned. Informed by the story of Powhatan resident and veteran military firefighter Mike Lecik, Spanberger introduced bipartisan legislation in January 2020 to create a presumptive service connection that would allow former military firefighters - many of whom develop cancer or other chronic health issues - to access the care and benefits they have earned. Helping homeless veterans return to and succeed in the workforce. Spanberger requested strong funding for the U.S. Department of Labor's Homeless Veterans Reintegration Program, and the House passed this provision as part of a bipartisan funding bill in June 2019. With this additional funding, more veterans would have access to job training, reintegration resources, and support for mental health issues related to their homelessness and unemployment. Spanberger also introduced the Computers for Veterans and Students Act in July 2020, to connect veterans in need with refurbished, surplus government computers. Passing bipartisan legislation to expand access to childcare for veterans and their families. In February 2019, Spanberger helped pass the Veterans Access to Child Care Act, which would make the VA's childcare pilot program permanent and expand the program to offer a safe and cost-free option for childcare during VA medical appointments. Calling on the VA to address the needs of the growing women veteran population. In a March 2019 letter to VA Secretary Robert Wilkie, Spanberger called on the VA to prioritize measures to improve treatment of women veterans at VA healthcare facilities. Additionally, the letter urged Wilkie to take necessary steps to prevent sexual harassment at VA facilities. U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger today released the following statement after President Trump signaled the end of bipartisan negotiations on COVID-19 relief until after the November general election. Our nation's response to COVID-19 is not a game, and as each day passes without progress on a bipartisan relief package, Americans are facing the increasing effects of hunger, bankruptcy, or the loss of a job. Just today, we heard from the Chairman of the Federal Reserve about the pressing need for additional action from Congress, or else risk further economic disaster. I've been vocal about the need for a bipartisan path forward on direct payments, unemployment assistance, and additional support for businesses -- and the President throwing in the towel is not an acceptable option. The American people are tired of the political maneuvering and partisanship that has plagued Capitol Hill throughout the latter portion of the pandemic. Real livelihoods are on the line, and we can't stop fighting for the people we serve. Both Democrats and Republicans must recommit to good-faith negotiations. Last week, Spanberger voted against the partisan Heroes Act 2.0 and called for leadership in both parties to come to an agreement on COVID-19 relief that can be approved by the U.S. Senate and be signed into law by President Trump. And last month, Spanberger joined her fellow Members of the Problem Solvers Caucus -- comprised of 25 Democrats and 25 Republicans -- to unveil the caucus' bipartisan "March to Common Ground" framework to help break the gridlock on the latest COVID-19 relief package. U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger today released the following statement urging leadership in both parties to come to an agreement on COVID-19 relief and announcing her opposition to the Heroes Act 2.0 package. In Central Virginia, our neighbors, businesses, friends, and families need immediate relief in response to the combined hardships caused by a global pandemic, an economic crisis, and wide-scale unemployment. Today's package is another partisan exercise that will never become law -- just as the Heroes Act never received a single vote in the Senate, let alone reached the President's desk. Even as we cast this vote, negotiations are continuing on a separate package that could actually yield bipartisan agreement. My focus remains on working with Democrats and Republicans to get relief to my district immediately, and partisan gamesmanship will not do it. Just as I opposed the first Heroes Act, I will respectfully vote against this package. In recent weeks, I've been involved in many conversations about a potential bipartisan path forward -- and I'm encouraged that Secretary Mnuchin and Speaker Pelosi continue to hold negotiations about a future relief package. The release of a bipartisan package framework earlier this month showed that there remains agreement between many Democrats and Republicans on the necessity of key programs like continued unemployment insurance, strengthened support for the Paycheck Protection Program, funding for states and localities, and another round of direct payments to individual Americans. I urge my colleagues in the House to prioritize these programs, not political talking points. The American people are exhausted by empty promises and government dysfunction, and I will keep fighting to do my job and deliver real relief to the people of Central Virginia. Earlier this month, Spanberger joined her fellow Members of the Problem Solvers Caucus -- comprised of 25 Democrats and 25 Republicans -- to unveil the caucus' bipartisan "March to Common Ground" framework to help break the gridlock on the latest COVID-19 relief package. Today, U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger released the following statement as the Supreme Court begins hearing oral arguments on the administration's case to dismantle the Affordable Care act. This week, as the total number of confirmed COVID-19 cases in the United States soars above 10 million, the Trump Administration is in court pursuing its final effort to dismantle and destroy the Affordable Care Act. This reckless case to destroy the one law that provides protections for tens of thousands of Virginians with pre-existing conditions comes before the U.S. Supreme Court at a time when the pandemic is spiking in many areas of the country -- and millions of Americans are evaluating next year's options during the open enrollment period. The White House's lawsuit is and always has been about scoring short-lived partisan points - but the consequences for working families, seniors, and Americans with preexisting conditions would be all too permanent. Destroying our existing healthcare system, with no alternative plan in place, would reverse Medicaid expansion in our Commonwealth and jeopardize Central Virginians' ability to pay for their prescriptions, access necessary care, and get the preventative screenings and vaccines that are foundational to long term health. Healthcare, particularly the skyrocketing cost of prescription drugs, is still the number one concern of working families in my district. I strongly oppose the administration's continued efforts to destroy the existing legal framework that so many members of our communities rely on, while also offering no clear idea at any point in the last four years about how to replace it. U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger, Chair of the House Agriculture Committee's Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee, today led a hearing focused on the impact COVID-19 and the ensuing economic crisis have had on Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) programs, and what challenges or successes lawmakers and NRCS officials can learn from to improve program performance and flexibility for farmers and landowners in the coming months. In her opening statement, Spanberger stressed the dual economic and environmental benefits of voluntary conservation programs, and she highlighted the role that NRCS programs and staff could play in jumpstarting the recovery of agricultural producers ravaged by months of adverse weather, pandemic conditions, fluctuating demand, and market uncertainty. Given how drastically the agricultural world has changed since the passage of the 2018 Farm Bill, Spanberger also invited the witnesses to provide their insight and recommendations on adjustments that could be made to NRCS programs to increase flexibility and more effectively support the conservation work that farmers are pursuing during this challenging time. Lawmakers have worn out the word 'unprecedented' in recent months, but it is truly difficult to overstate how volatile this year has been for both the NRCS and the American farmers, ranchers, and foresters they serve," said Spanberger. "For months, producers have been dealing with the disruptive impact that COVID-19 has had on their own lives, businesses, and localities. On top of that, they have had to reckon with a deepening economic crisis, continued instability in the markets, and destructive weather events from coast to coast. Amid all these considerations, NRCS has had to think creatively about how best to provide the education, support, and access that farmers need to fully participate in voluntary conservation programs. I appreciate the NRCS's persistence in difficult circumstances - as many family farms struggle to survive, their work has never been more vital. In my own district, I've heard from Central Virginia producers about the multitude of ways that conservation techniques can put farmers on stronger financial footing while also improving our climate and protecting our soil and water. I thank all our witnesses for their contributions today, and I look forward to further discussion on how we can make conservation programs an ongoing part of American agriculture's long-term economic recovery. Chairwoman Spanberger led a critical discussion in today's hearing," said U.S. House Agriculture Committee Chairman Collin Peterson (D-MN-07). "Farm bill conservation programs are an important tool for farmers and ranchers across the country as they look to take care of their land and manage successful farming operations in this turbulent economy. This hearing builds on Spanberger's efforts to amplify the voice of farmers in the national conservation around climate change and other environmental issues, and to leverage conservation techniques as a tool for improving producers' bottom line. Last week, Spanberger called for a stronger partnership between American farmers - many of who have been utilizing voluntary conservation methods to improve their land for decades - and the coalition of advocates and lawmakers focused on combatting climate change. In January 2020, Spanberger chaired a Subcommittee hearing with former NRCS Chief Matthew Lohr and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Farm Services Agency (FSA) Administrator Richard Fordyce on the status of the implementation of changes made to conservation programs under the 2018 Farm Bill. In December 2019, Spanberger led a Subcommittee hearing focused on expanding access to USDA conservation programs for historically underserved farmers, such as first-generation, women, and minority farmers. U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger has received the "Friend of Farm Bureau" award from the American Farm Bureau Federation (AFBF). The "Friend of Farm Bureau" award is presented to Members of Congress who have supported Farm Bureau's position on policy issues, been nominated by their respective state Farm Bureaus, and been approved by the AFBF Board of Directors. In my office on Capitol Hill, I have a sign that reads 'If you ate today, thank a farmer.' Few phrases could sum it up better. Day in and day out, the tireless work of American farmers and ranchers puts food on the table for millions and millions of families. Their efforts not only stave off hunger at home and across the world, they also generate tremendous value for our nation's economy," said Spanberger. "I've been proud to support legislation that benefits and strengthens opportunity for farmers in Central Virginia and across the United States, and I'm honored to receive this recognition from the American Farm Bureau Federation. I look forward to continuing my work on the Agriculture Committee, and I will continue reaching across the aisle in the U.S. House to build bipartisan support for legislation that improves profitability, increases market stability, and incentivizes innovation in the American ag industry for years to come. The American Farm Bureau Federation gives the Friend of Farm Bureau award to Members of Congress who have supported Farm Bureau's position on policy issues, as demonstrated by their voting records, and who were nominated by their respective state Farm Bureaus and approved by the AFBF Board of Directors," said Paul Schlegel, Vice President of Public Affairs, American Farm Bureau Federation to Spanberger. "I am pleased to inform you that you have been selected as a Friend of Farm Bureau for the 116th Congress. Congresswoman Spanberger supports agriculture and farmers through her position on the House Agriculture Committee, but also by listening to the needs of farmers, being a vocal advocate, and by voting to support agriculture on vital issues," said Wayne F. Pryor, President, Virginia Farm Bureau Federation. "We truly appreciate Rep. Spanberger for being a friend to the farmers of Virginia, especially at a time when the farm economy is challenged, and farmers are struggling" In December 2019, Spanberger voted to pass the landmark United States Mexico Canada Agreement (USMCA) trade deal after holding roundtables and visiting farms to gather input from Virginia farmers. Additionally, she worked directly with administration officials and met with Vice President Mike Pence at the White House to secure vital provisions to benefit Virginia's economy. In June 2020, Spanberger introduced the Growing Climate Solutions Act, bipartisan legislation that would help more farmers and agricultural producers access carbon markets and reap the financial rewards of smart, carbon-sequestering conservation practices. The bill would break down barriers - such as lack of technical assistance and limited access to reliable information - to help more farmers, ranchers, and foresters participate in the carbon credit market and get rewarded for their climate-improving stewardship of their land. Her bipartisan bill is endorsed by the American Farm Bureau Federation. In August 2019, Spanberger visited nine farms and agribusinesses across Virginia's 7th District in two days to hear directly from local crop and livestock producers, farm families, and agribusinesses. During her Farm Tour, Spanberger learned more about what conditions and measures at the federal level would best support growth for Central Virginia's rural communities. She gathered direct feedback from farmers on the trade war with China, the volatility of the markets, the need for reliable high-speed internet access, and concerns about recruiting skilled workers. U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger co-led the introduction of bipartisan legislation to support youth apprenticeship programs in Central Virginia and across the country. Spanberger helped introduce the Strengthening Our Youth Apprenticeships Act, which would create a new interagency apprenticeship agreement between the U.S. Department of Labor and the U.S. Department of Education. Through this collaboration, both departments would share publicly available guidance and best practices to support youth apprenticeship programs in both secondary and postsecondary education institutions. Spanberger led the introduction of the bipartisan bill alongside U.S. Representatives Joaquin Castro (D-TX-20) and Brett Guthrie (R-KY-02). Across Virginia, local apprenticeships provide opportunities for the next generation to learn the skills necessary to secure high-skilled jobs and stay competitive in a global economy. As we work toward our long-term economic recovery, we need to make sure high school and college students are able to access these programs," said Spanberger. "Our federal agencies should work together toward achieving this goal, and our bipartisan legislation builds much-needed collaboration between the Department of Labor and the Department of Education. I'd like to thank Congressman Castro and Congressman Guthrie for recognizing the importance of strengthening youth apprenticeship programs, and I look forward to building stronger, sustained relationships between community colleges, high schools, and local businesses. Apprenticeships are an important avenue for young people to gain new skills and get a sense of what job they may pursue, but they should also be an opportunity to gain college credit and a steppingstone to a higher-paying career. The Strengthening Our Youth Apprenticeships Act will help ensure that we build a strong infrastructure of opportunity in America for the next generation to reach their dreams," said Castro. "The future of our economy depends on our future workforce -- that's why it's vital for the Department of Labor and Education to work together to strengthen apprenticeships and for Congress to expand these programs to more young people. Apprenticeships are a great way for employees to learn a new skill while earning a wage, and for students, an apprenticeship can set them on the right trajectory for a good career," said Guthrie. "Our economy is rapidly evolving, and one thing I hear from employers in the Second District is that they need skilled employees. The Strengthening Our Youth Apprenticeship Act will help facilitate the creation of apprenticeship programs for younger employees and provide supportive services such as career planning. I was proud to join Reps. Castro and Spanberger to introduce this bipartisan legislation to help high school and college students obtain apprenticeship opportunities. Additionally, the bipartisan bill would fund a necessary expansion of recognized apprenticeship programs -- including partnerships between community colleges and local businesses. The Strengthening Our Youth Apprenticeships Act builds on Spanberger's work to strengthen workforce training opportunities and support for students across the Seventh District. In December 2019, Spanberger and U.S. Representative Rob Wittman (R-VA-01) introduced a bipartisan bill to allow Virginia students and workers to use their 529 savings accounts to cover the cost of certain training and credentialing programs. And in November 2019, Spanberger backed bipartisan legislation that would expand Pell Grant eligibility for qualifying short-term programs and give more Central Virginia students access to workforce training courses. During her two-day education tour in August 2019, Spanberger met with instructors and administrators at J. Sargeant Reynolds Community College's Goochland campus. During the visit, she learned more about the college's commercial truck driver training courses--and she heard directly about the need for expanded Pell Grant eligibility to meet the financial needs of current and future students. U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger yesterday delivered keynote remarks for "Preventing Death by Suicide: A Chief-to-Chief Leadership Wellness Discussion," hosted by the National Law Enforcement Museum. According to Blue HELP, there have been 869 officer suicides in the United States since 2016. Spanberger -- a former federal law enforcement officer -- spoke about the need to prioritize mental health resources for law enforcement in Central Virginia and across the country. Additionally, she discussed the need to protect those who serve and provide assistance to families of those who have been killed in the line of duty. In Congress, Spanberger has supported the reauthorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program, which was signed into law by President Trump, and she has cosponsored the Heroes Lesley Zerebny and Gilbert Vega First Responders Survivors Support Act, which would strengthen support for the families of fallen first responders, law enforcement officers, and firefighters. As the daughter of a career law enforcement officer -- and as a federal law enforcement officer for the U.S. Postal Service, I admire individuals who dedicate their careers to public service and keeping our communities safe and secure. As the representative for Virginia's Seventh District, I've had the privilege of meeting many of these men and women who've answered the call to serve their fellow Americans," said Spanberger. "I believe it is my responsibility to provide these individuals with the support and resources they need to fulfill their duties responsibly, professionally, and safely. On Capitol Hill, I've taken action on this belief by supporting initiatives to improve the safety of law enforcement officers across our country and advocate for justice for those families who have lost a loved one in the line of duty. Spanberger continued, "Additionally, a failure to invest in community services like mental health and social services increasingly leaves police in the position of stepping in as crisis counselors for those on the edge -- a job they did not train for. A failure to fund these services not only means that those needing mental health services may not be able to get the help they need; it also places undue stress on our local law enforcement officers and strains the resources of our departments. I'd like to thank the National Law Enforcement Museum for hosting today's important discussion, and I look forward to keeping up the fight to reduce death by suicide among officers and provide our law enforcement and their families with the resources and support they deserve. Spanberger is a supporter of two bipartisan bills that would provide additional relief dollars to restaurant owners. The Real Economic Support That Acknowledges Unique Restaurant Assistance Needed To Survive (RESTAURANTS) Act - introduced by Blumenauer and cosponsored by Spanberger - would establish a $120 billion restaurant revitalization fund within the U.S. Department of Treasury. The fund would provide grants to food and drinking services that are not publicly traded or part of a chain with 20 or more locations. For the first two weeks of the grants existence, eligible food and beverage purveyors with annual revenues of less than $1.5 million would receive priority, fixing previous errors in relief distribution and ensuring that help goes first toward small, independent businesses. The grant values would cover the difference between 2019 revenues and projected 2020 revenues. As colder months approach and restaurants invest in winterizing their outdoor spaces, RESTAURANTS Act grants would give restaurant owners the flexibility to cover costs including but not limited to payroll, heaters, tents, and other expenses. Spanberger is also a cosponsor of the RESTART Act. This legislation would create a program to target the businesses that have been hardest-hit by the pandemic, including independent restaurants. Through the Small Business Administration, the program would offer loans for periods of up to one year to businesses that experienced a drop of 25% or more in their total income, compared to the equivalent time period prior to the pandemic. The loans would be forgivable for a wide range of expenses, including payroll costs, mortgage interest, rent, and payments to independent contractors. In Central Virginia, our communities have sadly seen too many entrepreneurs forced to close a business they worked for years to build - and too many more small businesses are teetering on the edge. I appreciated the opportunity to speak with local restaurant owners and hear their input on the next steps that are needed at the federal level," said Spanberger. "While I am deeply disappointed by the partisan gridlock that has overtaken negotiations on a fifth relief package, I also won't sit by and do nothing. These businesses add tremendous economic value to our economy, and the jobs they create support thousands of Virginia families. Restaurants need federal support, and I'm working to advance two bipartisan fixes that would provide additional forgivable loans and flexible grants to help independent restaurants across the country. I thank Congressman Blumenauer for his ongoing leadership in the fight to deliver urgent aid to American restaurants. An independent restaurant gives an avenue to be able to have economic activity, provide engagement, and is such an important meeting place for our community," said Blumenauer. "So we set about doing something that would meet the needs of one-half million independent restaurants across the country. And it is imperative, because they employ 11 million people, and this sector has been hit harder than any other. In the month of April when we started putting [this] legislation together, half the unemployment in America was in the independent restaurant sector. So we've designed a proposal that is tailored to their unique needs. It is not a loan - it is a grant. We identified $120 billion of resources that should be flowing to help keep these independent restaurants afloat. If we don't do something like this within the next six months, we're going to have up to 85 percent of independent restaurants close - many of them permanently. We've already lost about one sixth of America's independent restaurants, and this relief can't happen too soon. I am really excited to have the support of your Congresswoman. Abigail is deeply respected in Congress as an independent voice, somebody who looks carefully at problems and solutions. In addition to cosponsoring the RESTAURANTS Act and the RESTART Act, Spanberger has worked to deliver aid to restaurants and improve the rules of existing relief programs to give restaurant owners the flexibility to make decisions that are best for their business. When the rollout of the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) was plagued with implementation issues and burdensome guidance, Spanberger worked directly with the Treasury and Small Business Administration to make commonsense fixes. She successfully fought to revise the 75-25 rule after hearing from Virginia restaurants about how restrictive the rule was, and in May 2020 she voted to pass the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act, which was later signed into law by President Trump. In April 2020, Spanberger led a bipartisan effort urging the Small Business Administration and Treasury to amend PPP guidance to more closely align eligible expenses and forgivable expenses by extending loan forgiveness to non-payroll costs like inventory, raw materials, and personal protective equipment (PPE). On Friday, U.S. Representatives Abigail Spanberger (D-VA) and Dusty Johnson (R-SD) introduced the Securing Affordable Vaccines Equally (SAVE) for Seniors Act, vital bipartisan legislation that would ensure seniors on traditional Medicare have access to a future COVID-19 vaccine without cost-sharing. The CARES Act, which became law in March 2020, requires Medicare to cover a COVID-19 vaccine without any cost-sharing for the beneficiary, beginning on the date that said vaccine is licensed under Section 351 of the Public Health Service Act. However, due to the urgency of the ongoing pandemic, the most likely pathway to market for a COVID-19 vaccine is through an Emergency Use Authorization, under Section 564 of the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act. Last month, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) raised concerns that due to language in the CARES Act, traditional Medicare beneficiaries might face cost-sharing for a COVID-19 vaccine that is authorized for emergency use under the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act. The SAVE for Seniors Act would clarify that Medicare must cover - without cost-sharing - a COVID-19 vaccine authorized for emergency use, just as it would have done for one licensed under the Public Health Service Act. By closing this loophole, the legislation ensures that seniors are not the only group who must pay out-of-pocket for a COVID-19 vaccine. Nearly all private insurers have committed to covering a COVID-19 vaccination for free, and Medicaid is required to do so at no cost. Seniors are the most vulnerable to COVID-19, and ensuring that older Americans have affordable, easy access to a vaccine must be a top priority," said Spanberger. "This bill would correct a critical error in the CARES Act that could inadvertently force Medicare beneficiaries to pay out of pocket for a COVID-19 vaccine. As multiple pharmaceutical companies conduct drug trials on potential vaccines and public health experts warn about a cold-weather resurgence of the coronavirus, correcting this error is an urgent need. Cost shouldn't be a prohibitive barrier for any American looking to protect themselves with a vaccine, and I'm proud to work quickly - and on a bipartisan basis - to make sure seniors in Central Virginia and across the country can count on a free COVID-19 vaccine as soon as it is available. Since the pandemic began impacting Virginia in March, Spanberger has supported numerous measures to deliver targeted relief to seniors. In March, Spanberger voted in support of three separate packages to provide hundreds of millions of dollars in aid to nursing homes, long term care facilities, and hospital systems. Spanberger has vocally pushed for a new, bipartisan COVID-19 relief agreement. The bipartisan framework she co-authored last month, aimed at bringing Republicans and Democrats back to the negotiating table on a new package, included $25 billion for testing and contact tracing efforts, and $30 billion in support for healthcare providers. In the early months of the pandemic, Spanberger consistently fought to push federal aid directly to nursing homes in Central Virginia, and worked with HHS Secretary Azar and the administration to get relief dollars distributed more quickly. To increase the supply of personal protective equipment (PPE) that nursing homes and other long term care facilities rely on to keep seniors safe, Spanberger repeatedly urged the administration to utilize the full powers of the Defense Production Act. She also supported the suspension of tariffs on imported medical supplies, and cut red tape at home to support Central Virginia distilleries that switched to producing hand sanitizer. Spanberger has worked to expand access to telehealth services and make emergency investments in broadband internet connectivity, so more Central Virginia seniors can seek care without taking the risk of visiting a provider in person. As the United States has simultaneously grappled with a public health crisis, a challenging hurricane season, and devastating wildfires, the need for comprehensive disaster modeling and preparation has only become more obvious. The Analyzing Disaster Vulnerabilities and Applicable National Capabilities for Emergencies (ADVANCE) Act would make sure the federal government is better able to predict threats and mitigate their interconnected impact on critical infrastructure, such as the food supply, healthcare systems, and national defense. Overseen by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), the National Infrastructure Simulation and Analysis Center (NISAC) conducts modeling, simulation, and analysis of the nation's critical infrastructure. NISAC assesses risks and vulnerabilities to our nation's infrastructure, and forecasts and models consequences in disaster scenarios such as hurricanes, wildfires, flooding, and chemical spills. The bipartisan ADVANCE Act would require NISAC to conduct hazard exercises twice a year to test and improve our government's ability to simulate the impact of natural disasters and public health crises on critical infrastructure. The exercises would enhance hands-on training while providing insight into how government agencies can better predict and prepare for crises. The bill would also require NISAC to report annually to Congress on the impact of natural disasters and public health emergencies on critical infrastructure. The COVID-19 pandemic has underscored that the threats our nation faces in the 21st century will rarely be one-dimensional. The infectious disease outbreaks and natural disasters we have to contend with can have a domino effect on multiple areas of our nation's critical infrastructure -- everything from the farmers who supply our food to the military bases that keep Americans safe," said Spanberger. "To overcome these complex challenges and prepare for the threats to come, our government needs to be ready for many possible scenarios. We need to strengthen our ability to predict future threats, analyze the risks, and mitigate the consequences. Our bill would help ensure that the United States is never caught unprepared in a crisis, and that our decisionmakers have the analysis they need to make informed decisions to protect the American people. I am proud to introduce this critical legislation that will ensure our government is well-equipped to handle future natural disasters and public health crises," said Katko. "The COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted the need for increased coordination and updated procedures in the face of events that threaten our nation's critical infrastructure. This legislation will ensure our government is fully prepared to make informed decisions and mitigate the effects of any future public emergency. Prior to the pandemic, key DHS analyses on the impact of pandemics on critical infrastructure -- including food supply, healthcare, telecommunications, and transportation -- were halted, leaving the U.S. government less prepared to respond to COVID-19. The ADVANCE Act's hazard exercises and Congressional reporting requirements, which must account for public health emergencies in addition to natural disasters, will help ensure critical capabilities and analyses are maintained, bolstered, and best set up to inform U.S. government decision making going forward. U.S. Representatives Abigail Spanberger (D-VA-07) and Brian Fitzpatrick (R-PA-01) today introduced bipartisan legislation to fix an issue in the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) that has unfairly penalized disabled veterans and their families. Currently, Veterans Affairs (VA) Disability Compensation must be reported in the FAFSA and is taken into consideration when calculating an applicant's Estimated Family Contribution (EFC). Because this tax-free payment remains a factor in the FAFSA process, this requirement has caused many veterans and their families to take on an additional financial burden when sending their children to college. The bipartisan Honor Our Nation's Oath to Remember (HONOR) Our Veterans' Sacrifice Act would fix this issue by excluding veteran benefits, including VA Disability Compensation, from the list of benefits required to be reported in the FAFSA. Our nation's veterans and their families deserve the strongest possible benefits we can provide -- and current FAFSA rules unfairly put these families at a financial disadvantage," said Spanberger. "I'm proud to introduce this bipartisan bill to make a commonsense change to FAFSA forms that will result in increased fairness for those who answered the call, fought to protect their fellow Americans, and kept our nation safe. I'd like to thank Congressman Fitzpatrick for his shared commitment to those who put on the uniform, and I look forward to finding additional ways to make sure no individual is unjustly penalized for their selfless service to our country. We need to be doing everything we can to help our veterans. Our disabled veterans put their lives on the line to defend our freedoms, and deserve full access to educational opportunities when they return home," said Fitzpatrick. "Our bipartisan HONOR Our Veterans' Sacrifice Act will amend existing law to ensure that VA Disability Compensation is not factored in to FAFSA allocation, to help our veterans receive as much tuition assistance as they are eligible for. We should be making it easier for our veterans to get an education after serving, not harder. My husband, Matthew Ruzicka, served for 24 years in the United States Army, before retiring and beginning to collect Disability Payments for his service-connected injuries. Unfortunately, the amount of financial aid our children received for college reduced dramatically when Matt began receiving these benefits, as they are considered income in calculations for financial aid. These benefits have a specific purpose--to help address my husband's service-connected injuries," said Annette Ruzicka, Midlothian. "To treat these earned benefits as income is unjust and is actively hurting student veterans and veteran's families like my own. I am grateful to Representative Spanberger for her leadership on this issue." The HONOR Our Veterans' Sacrifice Act is endorsed by Student Veterans of America. "Military survivors and disabled veterans receive benefits for the immense losses they have endured and the sacrifices they have made on behalf of our nation, but these same benefits unfortunately can count against beneficiaries when they apply for federal financial aid to pursue higher education," said Justin Hauschild, Legal Fellow, Student Veterans of America. "SVA supports the HONOR Our Veterans' Sacrifice Act because it will remove these benefits from federal student aid calculations to ensure military-affiliated students are honored for their sacrifices, and we commend Representatives Spanberger and Fitzpatrick for their leadership on this issue. House Agriculture Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry Chair Abigail Spanberger of Virginia delivered the closing statement following today's hearing on the challenges and successes of conservation programs in 2020. This conversation has been enlightening especially as we look to conservation to solve the resource challenges presented by a rapidly changing climate and the COVID-19 public health crisis. I would also like to thank USDA staff and the entire conservation community--including our farmers who are out there pushing forward with innovative on-farm conservation practices, even amid all the uncertainty we've outlined today--for their work in these challenging times. I look forward to continuing to work with all of you, as well as the Ranking Member and my colleagues on this Subcommittee, as we continue to implement conservation programs under the 2018 Farm Bill, take active measures to continue to protect the environment and combat the climate crisis, and look ahead and work together toward what I hope will be a speedy economic recovery. Virginia could receive the first doses of a COVID-19 vaccine by the end of the year, but some business and political leaders warn that the current Congress must pass an emergency relief package to help the state weather a long-feared winter spike in the pandemic until a vaccine is generally available sometime next year. Rep. Abigail Spanberger, D-7th, re-elected last week to a second term representing a district anchored in Henrico and Chesterfield counties, urged President Donald Trump and congressional leaders on Thursday to move swiftly to provide additional resources for responding to the pandemic and aid to struggling families and businesses. Now more than ever, it is urgent that we come together to build a targeted, timely relief package that avoids partisan posturing and instead prioritizes combating our national public health emergency, addressing catastrophic unemployment rates, and protecting the security of the next generation," Spanberger wrote in a letter to Trump, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, a California Democrat. JB Holston, executive director of the Greater Washington Partnership, said a new emergency package should include at least $75 billion for "fast, frequent, asymptomatic testing" for the coronavirus and contact tracing to allow schools and businesses to open safely. We don't have a focus on the things we can do which the pandemic is requiring," warned Holston, who was dean of engineering and computer sciences at the University of Denver before joining the regional partnership led by business executives from Richmond to Baltimore. "It's not just high risk. It's literally causing damage across the country. Holston, a member of a COVID-19 response team in Colorado, said in an interview: "We're on track for 1 500 deaths a day over the next 70 days if we don't do any more than we're doing. That's 100 000 deaths -- two Vietnams -- in the next 70 days. His warning comes days after what he called the "clearly good news" that the Pfizer pharmaceutical company and BioNTech, a German research company, had achieved 90% effectiveness in ongoing clinical trials of a vaccine that could begin to be distributed by late December if approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. The Phase 3 clinical trial of the vaccine's efficacy is being conducted at 150 sites in six countries and 39 states, including the Virginia Research Center, at Bon Secours St. Francis Medical Center in Chesterfield County. Holston estimates that the initial 50 million doses of the two-dose vaccine that Pfizer produces in the United States would include about 300 000 doses for Virginia, or enough for 150 000 people to be vaccinated against COVID-19 with 21 days between shots. The initial phase of vaccination likely would go to health care workers and emergency first responders at high risk of infection, including those employed in nursing homes and home health settings, under guidelines the National Academies of Science, Engineering and Medicine issued last month. The Framework for Equitable Allocation of COVID-19 Vaccine also recommends a "vulnerability index" for distributing the vaccine to populations that have been hardest hit by the pandemic, such as Blacks and Hispanics, because of underlying health inequities. The report will likely inform the next step of priority population recommendations" for receiving the vaccine, said Christy Gray, director of the Division of Immunization at the Virginia Department of Health. The process would begin with the expected completion of clinical trials of the mRNA-based vaccine later this month by Pfizer and BioNTech, followed by FDA review for emergency use. If approved by the FDA, the vaccine study data would be reviewed by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices to ensure the new vaccine's effectiveness and safety for different populations. The committee ultimately would determine the recommended priority populations. Initially, it would not be recommended for children or pregnant women because it hasn't been tested on them, Gray said. Similarly, she said the CDC advisory committee would consider whether the data shows that the vaccine would be effective for older people, including those in nursing homes and assisted living facilities. It's really going to depend on what the data show," Gray said. Virginia health officials are working with their counterparts in Maryland and the District of Columbia for a coordinated regional approach to administering the Pfizer vaccine or other potential vaccines that the federal government is pushing for development and distribution on a fast track to bring the pandemic under control. We're planning for different scenarios," Gray said, referring to the logistics of shipping, storing and distributing the vaccine. Holston called for governments in the region to "harmonize" their distribution plans and promised that businesses would help a coordinated communication campaign to encourage people to take the vaccine when it is available to them. It's what we should have done with masks all along," he said, referring to the uneven state approaches to encouraging or requiring face masks to control the spread of the highly communicable coronavirus disease. Masks are good, vaccines are good, testing should be available for all on a frequent basis," Holston said. Success will depend on more aid from the federal government, especially for schools to reopen safely and allow parents to return to their workplaces, he said. Businesses also need help soon to survive until vaccines are distributed widely enough to bring the pandemic under control. The longer we wait to provide critical support, especially for small businesses, the harder it's going to be to recover," Holston said. Spanberger conveys a similar urgency in her letter to Trump and congressional leaders. She calls for enhanced unemployment benefits for those still out of work because of the pandemic and additional grants or loans to small businesses to survive a winter that could be difficult because of a diminished holiday shopping and tourism season. Similarly, as the winter approaches, public health officials have warned that outbreaks of this virus may significantly worsen over the next few months," Spanberger said. "While there have been encouraging signs in the search for a vaccine, [Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases] and other leading public health experts have warned that the distribution of a vaccine, once approved for emergency use by the FDA, could take months. She urged the leaders of both parties to put aside partisan differences to reach a deal on emergency relief before the end of the year. The campaign is over, and now is the time to heal," Spanberger said. "We must not allow partisan posturing to stand in the way of the relief Americans so desperately need. U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger today led a bipartisan effort to defend the foundational 340B Drug Pricing Program from reckless and extra-legal changes that would lead to significant increases in the cost of prescription medications for Virginia healthcare providers that serve some of the Commonwealth's most vulnerable, at-risk populations. The 340B Drug Pricing Program was enacted by Congress in 1992 with bipartisan support, and is overseen by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). It requires that pharmaceutical companies give safety-net and rural healthcare providers discounts on their drugs, in exchange for having their drugs covered by Medicaid. The program protects patients who are low-income, live in underserved communities, or suffer from serious chronic illnesses from skyrocketing prices for the drugs they depend on the most. Limiting access to 340B discounts would cause safety-net providers and vulnerable patients to face significant price hikes in the middle of a global pandemic, at a time when both providers and patients are under serious financial strain. Recent reporting indicates that private company Kalderos is working with large pharmaceutical manufacturers to implement changes to the 340B program - without the approval of Congress or HHS - that would replace the 340B system of up-front discounts with post-sale rebates, resulting in a severe increase in the up-front cost of prescription drugs to 340B-covered providers. A post-sale rebate model would also give big drug companies tremendous leverage over participating clinics and hospitals, and potentially put manufacturers in violation of their statutory responsibility to provide 340B pricing. Spanberger's letter is supported by 216 of her colleagues from both sides of the aisle, and urges HHS Secretary Alex Azar to take immediate action to prevent Kalderos and pharmaceutical companies from changing the 340B program from a discount to a rebate model. The healthcare providers that benefit from 340B discounts- and who could be facing significant price increases if the change goes through- include Federally Qualified Health Centers, Ryan White HIV/AIDS clinics, rural hospitals, children's hospitals, and safety-net hospitals that serve low-income Americans. Spanberger led the letter alongside co-leads U.S. Representatives Cindy Axne (D-IA-03), Doris Matsui (D-CA-06), David McKinley (R-WV-01), Dusty Johnson (R-SD-AL), and John Katko (R-NY-24). This blatant attempt on the part of the pharmaceutical industry to rewrite the rules in their favor will directly harm health clinics and hospitals in Central Virginia," said Spanberger. "Bringing down the skyrocketing cost of prescription drugs is the top priority of families in my district, and this change to 340B would be a step in the wrong direction. Our letter has been signed by 216 Members of the U.S. House, both Republicans and Democrats - that this effort would attract such strong bipartisan support at this hyperpartisan moment in our politics is a clear indication of how much this program means to patients and providers across the country. I've heard directly from Central Virginia clinics, advocates, and hospital systems, and I have grave concerns about these actions that would threaten the needs of the most vulnerable patients and providers in the middle of a global pandemic. Furthermore, big drug companies do not have the authority to change the operations of a government program to suit their own interests - especially if doing so could potentially put manufacturers out of compliance with their statutory obligations. I urge Secretary Azar to quickly provide Congress with more information, and take immediate steps to prevent these changes from taking effect. The 340B drug pricing program plays a significant role in protecting Central Virginians' access to affordable healthcare," said Paula Tomko, CEO, Central Virginia Health Services. "What we're seeing now is big pharmaceutical companies attempting to rewrite the program in their favor - to the detriment of thousands of hardworking, vulnerable people in our communities. Those impacted the most by these changes are our neighbors who work in low-paying jobs, who are uninsured or underinsured, and have chronic illnesses such as high blood pressure, diabetes, or HIV/AIDS. Without 340B medications, the people we serve would see severe price increases in many of the common drugs they depend on every day, like insulin. It is shameful that pharmaceutical companies are reporting significant profits while making changes that directly destabilize safety-net healthcare providers. We appreciate Congresswoman Spanberger's continued support for community healthcare providers, and we applaud her efforts to protect the 340B program. This change to the 340B program hits hardest against community healthcare providers and the vulnerable people they serve," said Rick Shinn, Director of Government Affairs, Virginia Community Healthcare Association. "As the COVID-19 pandemic continues, we should be focusing on expanding access to affordable treatment, not threatening it. We applaud Rep. Spanberger's efforts to protect the 340B discount for Virginians. We are so proud to have Rep. Spanberger as a champion for the 340B federal drug discount program," said Matthew Bare, Assistant Director, Virginia Commonwealth University Ryan White Programs. "Her work on 340B will have a direct impact for those we serve -- more than 2 000 persons living with HIV/AIDS in and around Central Virginia. Thousands of rural Virginians depend on the safety net providers that the 340B program supports. The program facilitates affordable access to substance use disorder treatment, childhood screenings, and other vital care," said Beth O'Connor, Executive Director, Virginia Rural Health Association. "At a time when rural facilities are under financial pressure from so many fronts, Rep. Spanberger's support for 340B is most appreciated. I am grateful to Rep. Spanberger, members of the Virginia Congressional delegation, and their colleagues for bringing the concerns of safety-net providers like UVA Health about these potential changes to the Department of Health and Human Services' attention," said Dr. K. Craig Kent, Executive Vice President for Health Affairs, University of Virginia. "The 340B Drug Pricing Program provides us with critical resources we need to put our most-vulnerable patients first and invest fully in their complete care. In short, the savings we see from reduced drug expenditures are important to support our mission to serve those who need us most. It would be impossible for us to provide comprehensive, safety-net healthcare to underserved communities in Virginia without the 340B program," said Cindy Williams, Vice President and Chief Pharmacy Officer, Riverside Health System. "The significant discounts on prescription drugs that 340B provides are essential to our mission of providing high-quality, affordable healthcare for our neighbors at every stage of life. On behalf of the more than 2 million patients we serve each year, I thank Representative Spanberger for her leadership in the fight to protect the 340B program. Overhauling the longstanding 340B discount model and replacing it with a rebate system will make it significantly more difficult and expensive for all 340B hospitals and community clinics to access 340B savings, and could result in denial of 340B pricing altogether," said Maureen Testoni, President and CEO, 340B Health. "We appreciate the leadership of Rep. Spanberger and this large, bipartisan group of lawmakers standing up for 340B and urging Secretary Azar to take immediate action to protect 340B hospitals and the low-income patients who depend on them. Protecting the sustainability of the 340B program is vital, especially as Central Virginia continues to be impacted by the pandemic. As the Commonwealth's largest safety-net provider, we know first-hand the detriment a change to a post-sale rebate formula would have on our most vulnerable patient populations," said Dr. Arthur Kellermann, Senior Vice President, VCU Health Sciences and CEO, VCU Health. "Virginia Commonwealth University (VCU) Health System is grateful to Rep. Spanberger and her House colleagues for their unwavering support of the 340B drug pricing program and for making this a top priority for lawmakers. The proposed changes to the 340B program make ending the HIV epidemic in the United States more difficult," said Jesse Milan Jr., President and CEO, AIDS United. "We have the tools to effectively end the HIV epidemic in the United States, but we need to make them as widely available as possible. We don't need any new roadblocks. Access to HIV-related care and medicines is essential to ending the HIV epidemic. The proposed changes, adding new requirements to the 340B program, would drain precious resources from HIV service providers. Black and Brown communities -- which are disproportionately impacted by the HIV epidemic -- would suffer the most. Drug industry players are acting unilaterally to alter the 340B Drug Pricing Program in ways that undermine access to the program for essential hospitals and their vulnerable patients," said Bruce Siegel, President and CEO, America's Essential Hospitals. "We thank Reps. Spanberger, McKinley, Axne, Johnson, Matsui, Katko, and their bipartisan colleagues for sounding the alarm about third-party vendors threatening the 340B program and for fighting to protect this vital source of support for our health care safety net. The AHA thanks this bipartisan group of representatives for their important effort to protect the 340B program, and the vulnerable communities it benefits, from big drug companies' efforts to harm the program," said Tom Nickels, Executive Vice President, American Hospital Association. "The AHA continues to urge the Health Resources and Services Administration's Office of Pharmacy Affairs to order drug companies and their vendor Kalderos to immediately halt their conversion of the 340B program to a back-end rebate program. We appreciate the bipartisan support of more than 200 members of Congress to prevent drug manufacturers from unilaterally changing how safety-net providers, including many teaching hospitals, receive their discounts from the 340B program. This type of change would harm patients and limit access to affordable drugs, and is contrary to the 340B statute," said Karen Fisher, Chief Public Policy Officer, Association of American Medical Colleges. "It is yet another attempt by manufacturers to reduce the scope of the critical 340B program, which would result in a reduction of vital health care services to vulnerable patients in the midst of a pandemic/public health emergency. U.S. Representatives Abigail Spanberger (D-VA-07) and John Katko (R-NY-24) today introduced bipartisan legislation to protect against the influence of foreign nations that seek to weaken the U.S. electoral system and sow division through online disinformation campaigns. Amid COVID-19 and a general election, foreign governments are looking to disrupt the U.S. democratic system and exploit existing vulnerabilities in U.S. national security. Foreign adversaries -- such as Russia, China, and Iran -- are among the most active and increasingly assertive in their efforts. An August 2020 statement from the U.S. Intelligence Community reported that, "ahead of the 2020 U.S. elections, foreign states will continue to use covert and overt influence measures in their attempts to sway U.S. voters' preferences and perspectives, shift U.S. policies, increase discord in the United States, and undermine the American people's confidence in our democratic process. Under the Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA), political ads, issue advocacy, and content funded or directed by a foreign principal and intended to influence the U.S. government or the American people must be disclosed to the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ). However, under current statute and practice, this often does not extend to social media. Additionally, foreign agents acting from abroad too often evade disclaimer requirements. The Foreign Agent Disclaimer Enhancement (FADE) Act would increase transparency by requiring disclaimers attributing political content to a foreign principal be embedded on the face of a social media post itself. With this new requirement, disclaimers would remain with a post whenever the post is subsequently shared. The FADE Act would also clarify that these disclaimer requirements apply to the internet and apply to any political communications directed at the United States -- regardless of the foreign agent's location around the world. As a former CIA officer, I know that our nation is always under siege from foreign adversaries who seek to sow division and spread false information. However, social media networks remain especially vulnerable to foreign campaigns. Disclaimers on social media posts are often non-existent, particularly when content is shared or linked. This means that social media can serve as an ideal rumor mill for disinformation, as nefarious actors are able to leverage the rapid transfer of information from person to person," said Spanberger. "The FADE Act would help stop foreign adversaries like China and Russia from disseminating propaganda across Americans' social media feeds -- and I'd like to thank Congressman Katko for joining this effort to protect the integrity of our elections. By requiring foreign disclaimers within the actual content of social media posts, we can increase transparency, give the public accurate information about the sources of these campaigns, and strengthen our democracy. Combating foreign election interference needs to be a bipartisan issue. Ahead of November's Election, we need to prevent our nation's enemies from using social media as a vehicle to deploy disinformation. With this in mind, I'm joining Rep. Spanberger in introducing the Foreign Agent Disclaimer Enhancement (FADE) Act," said Katko. "This legislation would establish enforceable tools to ensure visible disclaimers are included in political posts from foreign agents. I urge my colleagues to support this measure to increase transparency, reduce the spread of disinformation, and protect our democratic processes from foreign influence. To ensure enforcement of these new transparency measures, the FADE Act would require DOJ to notify online platforms if a foreign agent does not meet disclaimer requirements for posts on their platforms, and in these cases, require the platform to remove the materials and use reasonable efforts to inform recipients of the materials that the information they saw was disseminated by a foreign agent. Additionally, the bipartisan bill would require DOJ to prepare a report to Congress on enforcement challenges. The FADE Act brings the Foreign Agents Registration Act into the 21st Century. The FADE Act accounts for the unique characteristics of digital influence campaigns, clarifying that FARA applies even when a foreign agent is acting from abroad, and making clear that foreign agents must include disclaimers on all digital messages," said Brendan Fischer, Director, Federal Reform Program, Campaign Legal Center. "The bill is an important bipartisan measure that protects Americans' right to know when they are being influenced by foreign sources. Foreign actors seeking to influence U.S. politics online must at least be transparent about it. It is time to update Foreign Agents Registration Act to require disclosers of foreign agents operating online - to limit their ability to deceive and manipulate U.S. politics," said Karen Kornbluh, Director, Digital Innovation and Democracy Initiative, German Marshall Fund of the United States and former U.S. Ambassador to the OECD. "By requiring disclaimers for digital content and extending FARA to agents operating abroad, the FADE Act would empower Americans with information they need to better protect themselves and democratic debate in the digital age. Year after year, national security experts confirm that foreign adversaries are using social media, in addition to paid advertising, to spread disinformation meant to disrupt our political system. These activities cause Americans to distrust our democratic process," said Meredith McGehee, Executive Director, Issue One. "The bipartisan Foreign Agent Disclaimer Enhancement Act would take necessary steps toward stopping unpaid foreign-backed disinformation from influencing the American public. Issue One commends Representatives Spanberger and Katko for introducing this much-needed legislation and calls on Congress to expeditiously address these threats. U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger today called on the Trump Administration and congressional leadership in both parties to recommit to the passage of a negotiated COVID-19 relief package before the end of the year. In a letter sent to President Donald J. Trump, U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, and U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Spanberger emphasized the urgent need for relief for Central Virginia families, workers, and small businesses -- particularly as funding has expired for critical programs and COVID-19 cases rise in Virginia. Additionally, she called on both parties to recognize the tremendous economic and healthcare uncertainty facing the nation and work together to pass a strong, bipartisan COVID-19 relief bill. Supports for families have begun to dwindle as enhanced unemployment benefits and other critical aid measures have expired, with more set to expire at the end of this year. Likewise, small businesses are facing increased pressure as this pandemic worsens," said Spanberger. "While the Paycheck Protection Program and Economic Injury Disaster Loans (EIDL) were able to provide short-term relief, it is clear that additional support is needed to help these businesses keep their doors open over the coming months, especially as the winter threatens to further impact those businesses currently relying on the use of outdoor spaces and it becomes increasingly clearer that the holiday shopping and tourism season will be diminished this year. Spanberger continued, "We must not allow partisan posturing to stand in the way of the relief Americans so desperately need. Action on another bipartisan COVID-19 relief package is long overdue - and though we must all live with our failure to deliver that aid sooner, we need not continue our failed course of inaction. With the holidays and winter approaching, I can think of no better way to provide peace of mind to the American people than through the passage of a robust relief package that helps families keep their homes, ensures they do not face hunger, and supports those who have lost jobs or whose businesses have suffered or closed as a result of the pandemic. Spanberger has consistently pushed for a negotiated COVID-19 relief package that can make it to the President's desk. Last month, Spanberger voted against the partisan Heroes Act 2.0 and called for leadership in both parties to come to an agreement on COVID-19 relief that can be approved by the U.S. Senate and be signed into law by President Trump. Additionally, she pushed House Democratic leadership to accept a relief offer from U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin that would provide much-needed assistance to working families, coordinated testing efforts, state and local governments, and small businesses. In September 2020, Spanberger joined her fellow Members of the Problem Solvers Caucus -- comprised of 25 Democrats and 25 Republicans -- to unveil the caucus' bipartisan "March to Common Ground" framework to help break the gridlock on the latest COVID-19 relief package. I write urging you to take immediate action to pass a comprehensive and bipartisan COVID-19 relief package before the end of the 116th Congress. Today, Americans from all walks of life are struggling with the ongoing public health crisis and the associated economic fallout, especially as COVID-19 cases and deaths are again rising daily, surpassing record highs set early in this pandemic. Now more than ever, it is urgent that we come together to build a targeted, timely relief package that avoids partisan posturing and instead prioritizes combatting our national public health emergency, addressing catastrophic unemployment rates, and protecting the security of the next generation. Every day, I hear the personal, heartbreaking stories of dire healthcare and financial situations facing Central Virginians. Working families are struggling to pay the bills after the loss of a job. Small businesses are hurting and unable to give their employees the assurance of long-term employment. Local restaurant owners are facing tough decisions on whether to stay open as the coming winter months threaten to limit outdoor seating options. Schools are unsure of when they will return to normal, and healthcare workers continue to be on the front lines of a global pandemic that has yet to be contained in our country. My district has been home to lines of cars at our local food banks that are so long, they've made national news. And yet, the hardship faced in my district is not unique; unfortunately, it is all too common. From the start of this pandemic, I have been proud to work with both Republicans and Democrats to pass bills providing relief for the American people. In March, with the passage of the CARES Act, Congress took swift action that provided support to millions of Americans as they faced the worst public health and economic crisis in a century. This action saved jobs, prevented businesses from being forced to shutter their doors, and saved lives through money for testing, personal protective equipment, and hospitals. In total, we have passed four bipartisan relief bills that have become law. Sadly, we have failed to sustain these critical supports despite the ongoing and worsening nature of the pandemic. Supports for families have begun to dwindle as enhanced unemployment benefits and other critical aid measures have expired, with more set to expire at the end of this year. Likewise, small businesses are facing increased pressure as this pandemic worsens. While the Paycheck Protection Program and Economic Injury Disaster Loans (EIDL) were able to provide short-term relief, it is clear that additional support is needed to help these businesses keep their doors open over the coming months, especially as the winter threatens to further impact those businesses currently relying on the use of outdoor spaces and it becomes increasingly clearer that the holiday shopping and tourism season will be diminished this year. Similarly, as the winter approaches, public health experts have warned that outbreaks of this virus may significantly worsen over the next few months. While there have been encouraging signs in the search for a vaccine, Dr. Fauci and other leading public health experts have warned that the distribution of a vaccine, once approved for emergency use by the FDA, could take months. I believe a bipartisan deal on additional COVID-19 relief is within our reach. In September, I was proud to join twenty-four of my fellow Democrats and twenty-five Republicans as a part of the Problem Solvers Caucus to help advance a bipartisan framework for additional COVID-19 relief. This framework contains important provisions to ensure that American families, small businesses, frontline workers, and local governments have the resources they need as this pandemic continues. This package not only provides a policy roadmap for future negotiations but also demonstrates the real opportunity for a compromise that would benefit our shared constituents at this time of crisis and deep economic uncertainty. The campaign is over, and now is a time to heal. We must not allow partisan posturing to stand in the way of the relief Americans so desperately need. Action on another bipartisan COVID-19 relief package is long overdue - and though we must all live with our failure to deliver that aid sooner, we need not continue our failed course of inaction. With the holidays and winter approaching, I can think of no better way to provide peace of mind to the American people than through the passage of a robust relief package that helps families keep their homes, ensures they do not face hunger, and supports those who have lost jobs or whose businesses have suffered or closed as a result of the pandemic. Bipartisan compromise is within reach, and I stand ready to work with any of you to ensure a deal is reached before the end of the year. U.S. Representatives Dusty Johnson (R-SD) and Abigail Spanberger (D-VA) introduced the Securing Affordable Vaccines Equally (SAVE) for Seniors Act, bipartisan legislation that would ensure seniors on traditional Medicare have access to a future COVID-19 vaccine without cost-sharing. The CARES Act, which became law in March 2020, requires Medicare to cover a COVID-19 vaccine without any cost-sharing for the beneficiary, beginning on the date that said vaccine is licensed under Section 351 of the Public Health Service Act. However, due to the urgency of the ongoing pandemic, the most likely pathway to market for a COVID-19 vaccine is through an Emergency Use Authorization, under Section 564 of the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act. Last month, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) raised concerns that due to language in the CARES Act, traditional Medicare beneficiaries might face cost-sharing for a COVID-19 vaccine that is authorized for emergency use under the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act. The SAVE for Seniors Act would clarify that Medicare must cover - without cost-sharing - a COVID-19 vaccine authorized for emergency use, just as it would have done for one licensed under the Public Health Service Act. By closing this loophole, the legislation ensures that seniors are not the only group who has to pay out-of-pocket for a COVID-19 vaccine. Nearly all private insurers have committed to covering a COVID-19 vaccination for free, and Medicaid is required to do so at no cost. From the onset, we've known that COVID-19 disproportionately impacts our senior citizens," said Johnson. "Making sure that as many people as possible can receive a safe COVID-19 vaccine is critical, and our bill will ensure the vaccine is covered for South Dakota seniors. Seniors are the most vulnerable to COVID-19, and ensuring that older Americans have affordable, easy access to a vaccine must be a top priority," said Spanberger. "This bill would correct a critical error in the CARES Act that could inadvertently force Medicare beneficiaries to pay out of pocket for a COVID-19 vaccine. As multiple pharmaceutical companies conduct drug trials on potential vaccines and public health experts warn about a cold-weather resurgence of the coronavirus, correcting this error is an urgent need. Cost shouldn't be a prohibitive barrier for any American looking to protect themselves with a vaccine, and I'm proud to work quickly - and on a bipartisan basis - to make sure seniors in Central Virginia and across the country can count on a free COVID-19 vaccine as soon as it is available." The SAVE for Seniors Act is cosponsored by U.S. Representatives Brian Fitzpatrick (R-PA-08), Chrissy Houlahan (D-PA-06), and Elissa Slotkin (D-MI-08). Today, November 11th, 2020, Representatives Brian Fitzpatrick (PA-01) and Abigail Spanberger (VA-07) introduced the Honor Our Nation's Oath to Remember (HONOR) Our Veterans' Sacrifice Act, bipartisan legislation to fix an issue in the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) that has unfairly penalized disabled veterans and their families. Currently, Veterans Affairs (VA) Disability Compensation must be reported in the FAFSA and is taken into consideration when calculating an applicant's Estimated Family Contribution (EFC). Because this tax-free payment remains a factor in the FAFSA process, this requirement has caused many veterans and their families to take on an additional financial burden when sending their children to college. The bipartisan HONOR Our Veterans' Sacrifice Act would fix this issue by excluding veteran benefits, including VA Disability Compensation, from the list of benefits required to be reported in the FAFSA. We need to be doing everything we can to help our veterans. Our disabled veterans put their lives on the line to defend our freedoms, and deserve full access to educational opportunities when they return home," said Fitzpatrick. "Our bipartisan HONOR Our Veterans' Sacrifice Act will amend existing law to ensure that VA Disability Compensation is not factored in to FAFSA allocation, to help our veterans receive as much tuition assistance as they are eligible for. We should be making it easier for our veterans to get an education after serving, not harder. Our nation's veterans and their families deserve the strongest possible benefits we can provide -- and current FAFSA rules unfairly put these families at a financial disadvantage," said Spanberger. "I'm proud to introduce this bipartisan bill to make a commonsense change to FAFSA forms that will result in increased fairness for those who answered the call, fought to protect their fellow Americans, and kept our nation safe. I'd like to thank Congressman Fitzpatrick for his shared commitment to those who put on the uniform, and I look forward to finding additional ways to make sure no individual is unjustly penalized for their selfless service to our country. The HONOR Our Veterans' Sacrifice Act is endorsed by Student Veterans of America. Military survivors and disabled veterans receive benefits for the immense losses they have endured and the sacrifices they have made on behalf of our nation, but these same benefits unfortunately can count against beneficiaries when they apply for federal financial aid to pursue higher education," said Justin Hauschild, Legal Fellow, Student Veterans of America. "SVA supports the HONOR Our Veterans' Sacrifice Act because it will remove these benefits from federal student aid calculations to ensure military-affiliated students are honored for their sacrifices, and we commend Representatives Spanberger and Fitzpatrick for their leadership on this issue.", dim1, -0.188, 0.338
